5 : 23 Therefore if thou bring thy gift to the altar , and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee ; 5 : 24 Leave there thy gift before the altar , and go thy way ; first be reconciled to thy brother , and then come and offer thy gift .
25 : 40 And when the servants of David were come to Abigail to Carmel , they spake unto her , saying , David sent us unto thee , to take thee to him to wife .
how shall we do ?
Marianne was surprised and confused , yet she could not help smiling at the quiet archness of his manner , and after a moment ' s silence , said , " Oh , Edward !
49 : 31 Arise , get you up unto the wealthy nation , that dwelleth without care , saith the LORD , which have neither gates nor bars , which dwell alone .
Mrs .
As for me , in the uprightness of mine heart I have willingly offered all these things : and now have I seen with joy thy people , which are present here , to offer willingly unto thee .
" But still , not near enough to give me a chance of being right , if we think differently ."
20 : 17 And when he was come near unto her , the woman said , Art thou Joab ?
31 : 39 That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee ; I bare the loss of it ; of my hand didst thou require it , whether stolen by day , or stolen by night .
4 : 12 Now a thing was secretly brought to me , and mine ear received a little thereof .
And who is sufficient for these things ?
Half the sum of attraction , on either side , might have been enough , for he had nothing to do , and she had hardly anybody to love ; but the encounter of such lavish recommendations could not fail .
25 : 14 Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain .
2 : 38 And she coming in that instant gave thanks likewise unto the Lord , and spake of him to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem .
99 : 5 Exalt ye the LORD our God , and worship at his footstool ; for he is holy .
" But have you not received my notes ?"
22 : 8 And Abraham said , My son , God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering : so they went both of them together .
Emma knows I never flatter her ," said Mr .
Greet them that love us in the faith .
The worst is over !"
It is not likely that I should now see or hear any thing to change them ."
The son , a steady respectable young man , was amply provided for by the fortune of his mother , which had been large , and half of which devolved on him on his coming of age .
As for regret ," said Marianne , " I have done with that , as far as HE is concerned .
for ye have received your consolation .
4 : 21 And this commandment have we from him , That he who loveth God love his brother also .
20 : 7 And they appointed Kedesh in Galilee in mount Naphtali , and Shechem in mount Ephraim , and Kirjatharba , which is Hebron , in the mountain of Judah .
11 : 7 Then did Solomon build an high place for Chemosh , the abomination of Moab , in the hill that is before Jerusalem , and for Molech , the abomination of the children of Ammon .
18 : 27 Wherefore David arose and went , he and his men , and slew of the Philistines two hundred men ; and David brought their foreskins , and they gave them in full tale to the king , that he might be the king ' s son in law .
came a hoarse , angry voice from within . "
But Edward had no turn for great men or barouches .
This charade !-- If I had studied a twelvemonth , I could never have made any thing like it ."
22 : 28 And the chief captain answered , With a great sum obtained I this freedom .
4 : 5 And some fell on stony ground , where it had not much earth ; and immediately it sprang up , because it had no depth of earth : 4 : 6 But when the sun was up , it was scorched ; and because it had no root , it withered away .
Miss Dashwood -- a subject such as this -- untouched for fourteen years -- it is dangerous to handle it at all !
21 : 7 And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant , she shall not go out as the menservants do .
" No engagement !"
Papa , if you speak in that melancholy way , you will be giving Isabella a false idea of us all .
After they had been assembled about an hour , Mr .
32 : 18 Of the Rock that begat thee thou art unmindful , and hast forgotten God that formed thee .
19 : 3 And they said unto him , Thus saith Hezekiah , This day is a day of trouble , and of rebuke , and blasphemy ; for the children are come to the birth , and there is not strength to bring forth .
34 : 11 But the cormorant and the bittern shall possess it ; the owl also and the raven shall dwell in it : and he shall stretch out upon it the line of confusion , and the stones of emptiness .
Willoughby much known in your part of Somersetshire ?"
go to - day , go to - day .
21 : 33 Hear another parable : There was a certain householder , which planted a vineyard , and hedged it round about , and digged a winepress in it , and built a tower , and let it out to husbandmen , and went into a far country : 21 : 34 And when the time of the fruit drew near , he sent his servants to the husbandmen , that they might receive the fruits of it .
We measured the dining - room , and found it would hold exactly eighteen couple , and the affair was arranged precisely after my plan .
4 : 2 And said unto me , What seest thou ?
I will send you some more , before they get good for nothing .'
A thousand a - year is a great deal for a mother to give away , to make over for ever ; but Mrs .
" True , true ," he answered , warmly . "
32 : 28 Yea , thou shalt be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised , and shalt lie with them that are slain with the sword .
This increased the mirth of the company , and Margaret was eagerly pressed to say something more . "
4 : 11 And now art thou cursed from the earth , which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother ' s blood from thy hand ; 4 : 12 When thou tillest the ground , it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength ; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth .
12 : 34 And the people took their dough before it was leavened , their kneadingtroughs being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders .
7 : 1 And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth , holding the four winds of the earth , that the wind should not blow on the earth , nor on the sea , nor on any tree .
5 : 10 And every man ' s hallowed things shall be his : whatsoever any man giveth the priest , it shall be his .
In a worldly view , he had nothing to gain by being on terms with Sir Walter ; nothing to risk by a state of variance .
She was as handsome a girl last September , as I ever saw ; and as likely to attract the man .
Men thought of God , and felt His blessing on them .
Mr .
But I believe I am nice ; I do not like strange voices ; and nobody speaks like you and poor Miss Taylor .
27 : 38 And Esau said unto his father , Hast thou but one blessing , my father ?
I know we agreed never to name him -- but considering how infinitely superior he is to every body else , I should not have thought it possible that I could be supposed to mean any other person .
5 : 3 My voice shalt thou hear in the morning , O LORD ; in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee , and will look up .
5 : 22 Abstain from all appearance of evil .
And let him that heareth say , Come .
Then prayed they him to tarry certain days .
Just as they were setting off , the gentlemen returned .
30 : 7 Alas !
16 : 3 Shall vain words have an end ?
8 : 14 And in the second month , on the seven and twentieth day of the month , was the earth dried .
and let one of the young men come over and fetch it .
1 : 9 But he that lacketh these things is blind , and cannot see afar off , and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins .
And he said , I will tarry until thou come again .
But if there should by any chance happen to be a woman who is single at seven and twenty , I should not think Colonel Brandon ' s being thirty - five any objection to his marrying HER ."
She had soon the mortification of seeing Mr Elliot withdraw , and no one of proper condition has since presented himself to raise even the unfounded hopes which sunk with him .
It was , indeed .
and if I enter into the city , then behold them that are sick with famine !
28 : 6 And he said unto me , Solomon thy son , he shall build my house and my courts : for I have chosen him to be my son , and I will be his father .
97 : 12 Rejoice in the LORD , ye righteous ; and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness .
11 : 19 For there must be also heresies among you , that they which are approved may be made manifest among you .
Weston began to move .--" He must be going .
His countenance was thoroughly good - humoured ; and his manners were as friendly as the style of his letter .
119 : 139 My zeal hath consumed me , because mine enemies have forgotten thy words .
Woodhouse was safely conveyed in his carriage , with one window down , to partake of this al - fresco party ; and in one of the most comfortable rooms in the Abbey , especially prepared for him by a fire all the morning , he was happily placed , quite at his ease , ready to talk with pleasure of what had been achieved , and advise every body to come and sit down , and not to heat themselves .-- Mrs .
20 : 1 The LORD also spake unto Joshua , saying , 20 : 2 Speak to the children of Israel , saying , Appoint out for you cities of refuge , whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses : 20 : 3 That the slayer that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither : and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood .
Hereby know we the spirit of truth , and the spirit of error .
On his head a crown , On his shoulders down Flowed his golden hair .
24 : 46 And she made haste , and let down her pitcher from her shoulder , and said , Drink , and I will give thy camels drink also : so I drank , and she made the camels drink also .
8 : 11 For they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly , saying , Peace , peace ; when there is no peace .
Our home is so mean and small ."
She was persuaded to believe the engagement a wrong thing : indiscreet , improper , hardly capable of success , and not deserving it .
20 : 23 And the servants of the king of Syria said unto him , Their gods are gods of the hills ; therefore they were stronger than we ; but let us fight against them in the plain , and surely we shall be stronger than they .
16 : 8 Give thanks unto the LORD , call upon his name , make known his deeds among the people .
13 : 27 And then shall he send his angels , and shall gather together his elect from the four winds , from the uttermost part of the earth to the uttermost part of heaven .
Willoughby ?"
He said moreover , This is their resemblance through all the earth .
when shall I leave you again ?"
Miss Woodhouse , do talk to me and make me comfortable again ."
He had , probably , never heard , and never thought of any claims of Charles Hayter .
9 : 34 While he thus spake , there came a cloud , and overshadowed them : and they feared as they entered into the cloud .
One five minutes brought a note , the next a parcel ; and Anne had not been there half an hour , when their dining - room , spacious as it was , seemed more than half filled : a party of steady old friends were seated around Mrs Musgrove , and Charles came back with Captains Harville and Wentworth .
2 : 23 Thou that makest thy boast of the law , through breaking the law dishonourest thou God ?
And Saul sought him every day , but God delivered him not into his hand .
51 : 7 Purge me with hyssop , and I shall be clean : wash me , and I shall be whiter than snow .
17 : 9 Doth he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded him ?
3 : 1 Finally , my brethren , rejoice in the Lord .
10 : 1 After these things the LORD appointed other seventy also , and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place , whither he himself would come .
Lady Russell was most anxiously zealous on the subject , and gave it much serious consideration .
But he led them to Samaria .
5 : 13 Ye are the salt of the earth : but if the salt have lost his savour , wherewith shall it be salted ?
47 : 7 How can it be quiet , seeing the LORD hath given it a charge against Ashkelon , and against the sea shore ?
34 : 11 Come , ye children , hearken unto me : I will teach you the fear of the LORD .
Weston ' s wedding - day ; but Mr .
13 : 22 And they ascended by the south , and came unto Hebron ; where Ahiman , Sheshai , and Talmai , the children of Anak , were .
" To be sure you did .
27 : 8 The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the Izrahite : and in his course were twenty and four thousand .
If any man offend not in word , the same is a perfect man , and able also to bridle the whole body .
When you and the Middletons are gone , we shall go on so quietly and happily together with our books and our music !
No one ever worked so fast as they .
And he said , I will go up : I am as thou art , my people as thy people , and my horses as thy horses .
19 : 30 And it was so , that all that saw it said , There was no such deed done nor seen from the day that the children of Israel came up out of the land of Egypt unto this day : consider of it , take advice , and speak your minds .
27 : 19 And Jacob said unto his father , I am Esau thy first born ; I have done according as thou badest me : arise , I pray thee , sit and eat of my venison , that thy soul may bless me .
And he said unto him , Run .
5 : 7 Hear me now therefore , O ye children , and depart not from the words of my mouth .
you are an odd creature !"
12 : 3 Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light ; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops .
27 : 20 And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared , and no small tempest lay on us , all hope that we should be saved was then taken away .
9 : 7 And there was a cloud that overshadowed them : and a voice came out of the cloud , saying , This is my beloved Son : hear him .
8 : 3 And death shall be chosen rather than life by all the residue of them that remain of this evil family , which remain in all the places whither I have driven them , saith the LORD of hosts .
At the end of the day he had the workmen put a great stone on top of the work .
5 : 22 And , behold , there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue , Jairus by name ; and when he saw him , he fell at his feet , 5 : 23 And besought him greatly , saying , My little daughter lieth at the point of death : I pray thee , come and lay thy hands on her , that she may be healed ; and she shall live .
14 : 17 And it shall be , that whoso will not come up of all the families of the earth unto Jerusalem to worship the King , the LORD of hosts , even upon them shall be no rain .
wilt thou be angry for ever ?
Here Marianne , in an ecstasy of indignation , clapped her hands together , and cried , " Gracious God !
3 : 4 Have ye suffered so many things in vain ?
They had been thrown together several weeks ; they had been living in the same small family party : since Henrietta ' s coming away , they must have been depending almost entirely on each other , and Louisa , just recovering from illness , had been in an interesting state , and Captain Benwick was not inconsolable .
Mrs Musgrove was giving Mrs Croft the history of her eldest daughter ' s engagement , and just in that inconvenient tone of voice which was perfectly audible while it pretended to be a whisper .
14 : 7 And he put forth a parable to those which were bidden , when he marked how they chose out the chief rooms ; saying unto them .
He soon quitted Bath ; and on Mrs Clay ' s quitting it soon afterwards , and being next heard of as established under his protection in London , it was evident how double a game he had been playing , and how determined he was to save himself from being cut out by one artful woman , at least .
And she said , I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai .
And she called her chickens to help her .
46 : 5 And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram , and the meat offering for the lambs as he shall be able to give , and an hin of oil to an ephah .
But he always locked the door after him , and carried away the key .
2 : 3 Thou therefore endure hardness , as a good soldier of Jesus Christ .
28 : 12 Then the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah the prophet , after that Hananiah the prophet had broken the yoke from off the neck of the prophet Jeremiah , saying , 28 : 13 Go and tell Hananiah , saying , Thus saith the LORD ; Thou hast broken the yokes of wood ; but thou shalt make for them yokes of iron .
43 : 10 Thou son of man , shew the house to the house of Israel , that they may be ashamed of their iniquities : and let them measure the pattern .
4 : 4 Then Joshua called the twelve men , whom he had prepared of the children of Israel , out of every tribe a man : 4 : 5 And Joshua said unto them , Pass over before the ark of the LORD your God into the midst of Jordan , and take you up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder , according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel : 4 : 6 That this may be a sign among you , that when your children ask their fathers in time to come , saying , What mean ye by these stones ?
47 : 4 As for our redeemer , the LORD of hosts is his name , the Holy One of Israel .
Pretty joy !
8 : 5 Thou shalt also consider in thine heart , that , as a man chasteneth his son , so the LORD thy God chasteneth thee .
Miss Anne , if it had pleased Heaven to spare my poor son , I dare say he would have been just such another by this time ."
5 : 6 Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them , and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them , a leopard shall watch over their cities : every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces : because their transgressions are many , and their backslidings are increased .
77 : 11 I will remember the works of the LORD : surely I will remember thy wonders of old .
76 : 3 There brake he the arrows of the bow , the shield , and the sword , and the battle .
31 : 45 And Jacob took a stone , and set it up for a pillar .
Part of every winter she had been used to spend in Bath ; but Bristol was her home , the very heart of Bristol ; for though the father and mother had died some years ago , an uncle remained -- in the law line -- nothing more distinctly honourable was hazarded of him , than that he was in the law line ; and with him the daughter had lived .
19 : 5 Now therefore , if ye will obey my voice indeed , and keep my covenant , then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people : for all the earth is mine : 19 : 6 And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests , and an holy nation .
3 : 15 And Ishbosheth sent , and took her from her husband , even from Phaltiel the son of Laish .
22 : 53 When I was daily with you in the temple , ye stretched forth no hands against me : but this is your hour , and the power of darkness .
8 : 5 Then said he unto me , Son of man , lift up thine eyes now the way toward the north .
3 : 16 Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made .
The first month after their marriage was spent with their friend at the Mansion - house ; from whence they could superintend the progress of the Parsonage , and direct every thing as they liked on the spot ;-- could chuse papers , project shrubberies , and invent a sweep .
Have I been a wilderness unto Israel ?
And Jane will have such another .
13 : 17 Arise , walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it ; for I will give it unto thee .
Palmer !"
" Well , and whose fault is that ?
` Dearer , much dearer than ever .'
96 : 3 Declare his glory among the heathen , his wonders among all people .
20 : 33 I have coveted no man ' s silver , or gold , or apparel .
I had depended on her fortitude too far , and the blow was a severe one -- but had her marriage been happy , so young as I then was , a few months must have reconciled me to it , or at least I should not have now to lament it .
30 : 19 And Leah conceived again , and bare Jacob the sixth son .
27 : 3 And David dwelt with Achish at Gath , he and his men , every man with his household , even David with his two wives , Ahinoam the Jezreelitess , and Abigail the Carmelitess , Nabal ' s wife .
4 : 5 And the devil , taking him up into an high mountain , shewed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time .
or would God we had died in this wilderness !
23 : 32 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Thou shalt drink of thy sister ' s cup deep and large : thou shalt be laughed to scorn and had in derision ; it containeth much .
9 : 17 And one of the multitude answered and said , Master , I have brought unto thee my son , which hath a dumb spirit ; 9 : 18 And wheresoever he taketh him , he teareth him : and he foameth , and gnasheth with his teeth , and pineth away : and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out ; and they could not .
9 : 7 Every man according as he purposeth in his heart , so let him give ; not grudgingly , or of necessity : for God loveth a cheerful giver .
And they both long to see you of all things , for they have heard at Exeter that you are the most beautiful creatures in the world ; and I have told them it is all very true , and a great deal more .
She was now met by Mrs .
18 : 7 Then asked he them again , Whom seek ye ?
18 : 9 And they said unto him , Where is Sarah thy wife ?
She began immediately to determine , that Edward who lived with his mother , must be asked as his mother was , to a party given by his sister ; and to see him for the first time , after all that passed , in the company of Lucy !-- she hardly knew how she could bear it !
And they took them : and Elijah brought them down to the brook Kishon , and slew them there .
5 : 34 But I receive not testimony from man : but these things I say , that ye might be saved .
So they strengthened their hands for this good work .
And Tamar took the cakes which she had made , and brought them into the chamber to Amnon her brother .
At last Emma attacked her on another ground . "
Miss Woodhouse must excuse me .
19 : 3 And again they said , Alleluia And her smoke rose up for ever and ever .
I forget what we are to have next ," turning to the bill . "
He went to Highbury the next morning , and satisfied himself on that point .
3 : 51 Mine eye affecteth mine heart because of all the daughters of my city .
12 : 10 Therefore I take pleasure in infirmities , in reproaches , in necessities , in persecutions , in distresses for Christ ' s sake : for when I am weak , then am I strong .
" You spent the evening with Mrs .
returned Elinor in some confusion ; " indeed , Marianne , I have nothing to tell ."
" Me !
She had too old a regard for him to be so wholly estranged as might in two meetings extinguish every past hope , and leave him nothing to do but to keep away from Uppercross : but there was such a change as became very alarming , when such a man as Captain Wentworth was to be regarded as the probable cause .
5 : 2 Hearken unto the voice of my cry , my King , and my God : for unto thee will I pray .
18 : 18 As for his father , because he cruelly oppressed , spoiled his brother by violence , and did that which is not good among his people , lo , even he shall die in his iniquity .
17 : 33 They feared the LORD , and served their own gods , after the manner of the nations whom they carried away from thence .
S .-- _My_ representation , you see , has quite appeased her ."
24 : 31 And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet , and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds , from one end of heaven to the other .
When the plough was made he put a hole in the beam of it , and got the lion to go in under the plough so that he might see if he was any good as a ploughman .
" I can answer for it that Miss Dashwood ' s is not ," said Mrs .
25 : 18 A man that beareth false witness against his neighbour is a maul , and a sword , and a sharp arrow .
30 : 32 Upon man ' s flesh shall it not be poured , neither shall ye make any other like it , after the composition of it : it is holy , and it shall be holy unto you .
The horses arrived , even before they were expected , and Colonel Brandon only pressing her hand with a look of solemnity , and a few words spoken too low to reach her ear , hurried into the carriage .
11 : 1 I say then , Hath God cast away his people ?
9 : 4 Speak not thou in thine heart , after that the LORD thy God hath cast them out from before thee , saying , For my righteousness the LORD hath brought me in to possess this land : but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD doth drive them out from before thee .
130 : 6 My soul waiteth for the Lord more than they that watch for the morning : I say , more than they that watch for the morning .
I am come here to bespeak Fanny a seal .
89 : 7 God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints , and to be had in reverence of all them that are about him .
11 : 40 And at the time of the end shall the king of the south push at him : and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind , with chariots , and with horsemen , and with many ships ; and he shall enter into the countries , and shall overflow and pass over .
I have been more pained ," said she , " by her endeavors to acquit him than by all the rest ; for it irritates her mind more than the most perfect conviction of his unworthiness can do .
35 : 27 And Jacob came unto Isaac his father unto Mamre , unto the city of Arbah , which is Hebron , where Abraham and Isaac sojourned .
7 : 3 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the gate : and they said one to another , Why sit we here until we die ?
3 : 1 And if his oblation be a sacrifice of peace offering , if he offer it of the herd ; whether it be a male or female , he shall offer it without blemish before the LORD .
32 : 19 And it came to pass , as soon as he came nigh unto the camp , that he saw the calf , and the dancing : and Moses ' anger waxed hot , and he cast the tables out of his hands , and brake them beneath the mount .
14 : 9 Only rebel not ye against the LORD , neither fear ye the people of the land ; for they are bread for us : their defence is departed from them , and the LORD is with us : fear them not .
46 : 2 Therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea ; 46 : 3 Though the waters thereof roar and be troubled , though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof .
" Emma , my dear Emma --" " Oh !"
1 : 26 Notwithstanding ye would not go up , but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God : 1 : 27 And ye murmured in your tents , and said , Because the LORD hated us , he hath brought us forth out of the land of Egypt , to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites , to destroy us .
From Harriet ' s happening not to be at Hartfield , and her father ' s being present to engage Mr .
It has been completely unexpected .
" I am ,"-- she answered --" I am fatigued ; but it is not the sort of fatigue -- quick walking will refresh me .-- Miss Woodhouse , we all know at times what it is to be wearied in spirits .
Give me the book , I will write it down , and then there can be no possible reflection on you ."
89 : 30 If his children forsake my law , and walk not in my judgments ; 89 : 31 If they break my statutes , and keep not my commandments ; 89 : 32 Then will I visit their transgression with the rod , and their iniquity with stripes .
10 : 5 After that thou shalt come to the hill of God , where is the garrison of the Philistines : and it shall come to pass , when thou art come thither to the city , that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a psaltery , and a tabret , and a pipe , and a harp , before them ; and they shall prophesy : 10 : 6 And the Spirit of the LORD will come upon thee , and thou shalt prophesy with them , and shalt be turned into another man .
" Your wife !-- The letter was in your own hand - writing ."
15 : 24 If I had not done among them the works which none other man did , they had not had sin : but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father .
9 : 10 Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do , do it with thy might ; for there is no work , nor device , nor knowledge , nor wisdom , in the grave , whither thou goest .
How trifling they make every thing else appear !-- I feel now as if I could think of nothing but these poor creatures all the rest of the day ; and yet , who can say how soon it may all vanish from my mind ?"
Then it rolled under a big round root .
With a hasty exclamation of Misery , and a sign to her sister not to follow her , she directly got up and hurried out of the room . "
14 : 9 Fools make a mock at sin : but among the righteous there is favour .
32 : 8 So Hanameel mine uncle ' s son came to me in the court of the prison according to the word of the LORD , and said unto me , Buy my field , I pray thee , that is in Anathoth , which is in the country of Benjamin : for the right of inheritance is thine , and the redemption is thine ; buy it for thyself .
" Oh !
15 : 23 A man hath joy by the answer of his mouth : and a word spoken in due season , how good is it !
22 : 8 And it came to pass , that , when Jehu was executing judgment upon the house of Ahab , and found the princes of Judah , and the sons of the brethren of Ahaziah , that ministered to Ahaziah , he slew them .
21 : 13 And he shall take a wife in her virginity .
6 : 45 It is written in the prophets , And they shall be all taught of God .
57 : 7 Upon a lofty and high mountain hast thou set thy bed : even thither wentest thou up to offer sacrifice .
They never came back any more , but from that day they gave the shoemaker and his wife good luck , so that they never needed any more help .
She endeavoured to be composed , and to be just .
" Poor girl !"
Leopards , tigers , play Round her as she lay ; While the lion old Bowed his mane of gold , And her breast did lick And upon her neck , From his eyes of flame , Ruby tears there came ; While the lioness Loosed her slender dress , And naked they conveyed To caves the sleeping maid .
5 : 7 And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne .
4 : 11 And all the people that were in the gate , and the elders , said , We are witnesses .
There are secrets in all families , you know )-- The case is , that a party of friends are invited to pay a visit at Enscombe in January ; and that Frank ' s coming depends upon their being put off .
13 : 1 And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds , and with every leader .
22 : 29 O earth , earth , earth , hear the word of the LORD .
Emma spoke her pity so very kindly , that with a sudden accession of gay thought , he cried , " Ah !
Kind Mr Alligator !
Lucy continued . "
or who shall enter into our habitations ?
He must love somebody .
38 : 7 For my loins are filled with a loathsome disease : and there is no soundness in my flesh .
I do not know any body who draws so well as you do .
He must be either indifferent or unwilling .
52 : 19 And the basons , and the firepans , and the bowls , and the caldrons , and the candlesticks , and the spoons , and the cups ; that which was of gold in gold , and that which was of silver in silver , took the captain of the guard away .
Cole on business an hour and a half ago .
2 : 2 If ye will not hear , and if ye will not lay it to heart , to give glory unto my name , saith the LORD of hosts , I will even send a curse upon you , and I will curse your blessings : yea , I have cursed them already , because ye do not lay it to heart .
15 : 31 The ear that heareth the reproof of life abideth among the wise .
But when David girded his sword upon his armour , and tried to walk , he said to Saul , " I cannot go with these , for I am not used to them ."
You must come , indeed .
3 : 3 And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire unto the LORD ; the fat that covereth the inwards , and all the fat that is upon the inwards , 3 : 4 And the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the flanks , and the caul above the liver , with the kidneys , it shall he take away .
But the little Gingerbread Boy laughed harder than ever , and ran like the wind . "
I have a little plan of alteration for your bedrooms too , which may now be performed without any inconvenience to any one .
3 : 1 And the word of the LORD came unto Jonah the second time , saying , 3 : 2 Arise , go unto Nineveh , that great city , and preach unto it the preaching that I bid thee .
He opened the doors carefully and stood back , peering into the darkness .
It was quite unkind of you not to come on Thursday ."
13 : 26 For thou writest bitter things against me , and makest me to possess the iniquities of my youth .
Likewise also said they all .
2 : 4 And Elijah said unto him , Elisha , tarry here , I pray thee ; for the LORD hath sent me to Jericho .
His countenance , as he entered the room , was not too happy , even for Elinor .
27 : 28 The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of thy pilots .
11 : 5 And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins , and faithfulness the girdle of his reins .
She who had not been able to remain in Louisa ' s room , or to look at her , without sufferings which made her worse than helpless !
1 : 21 And it came to pass , because the midwives feared God , that he made them houses .
12 : 13 Say , I pray thee , thou art my sister : that it may be well with me for thy sake ; and my soul shall live because of thee .
How could I look on without agony ?
26 : 9 And David said to Abishai , Destroy him not : for who can stretch forth his hand against the LORD ' s anointed , and be guiltless ?
Though better endowed than the elder sister , Mary had not Anne ' s understanding nor temper .
you are what you always were !"
14 : 12 And they called Barnabas , Jupiter ; and Paul , Mercurius , because he was the chief speaker .
" Indeed , I do say it .
17 : 19 These waited on the king , beside those whom the king put in the fenced cities throughout all Judah .
But Haman hasted to his house mourning , and having his head covered .
The Lord be with you all .
4 : 24 I beheld the mountains , and , lo , they trembled , and all the hills moved lightly .
25 : 14 Thou shalt not have in thine house divers measures , a great and a small .
And the priest appointed officers over the house of the LORD .
19 : 8 And all the people answered together , and said , All that the LORD hath spoken we will do .
She could not stay .
9 : 33 And there he found a certain man named Aeneas , which had kept his bed eight years , and was sick of the palsy .
3 : 5 Let darkness and the shadow of death stain it ; let a cloud dwell upon it ; let the blackness of the day terrify it .
29 : 24 And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an handmaid .
16 : 38 And I will judge thee , as women that break wedlock and shed blood are judged ; and I will give thee blood in fury and jealousy .
23 : 24 Ye blind guides , which strain at a gnat , and swallow a camel .
John Dashwood had then leisure to consider how much there might prudently be in his power to do for them .
13 : 49 So shall it be at the end of the world : the angels shall come forth , and sever the wicked from among the just , 13 : 50 And shall cast them into the furnace of fire : there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth .
" I do not want to pry into other men ' s concerns .
Jennings thought only of his behaviour ;-- and while his looks of anxious solicitude on Marianne ' s feeling , in her head and throat , the beginning of a heavy cold , because unexpressed by words , entirely escaped the latter lady ' s observation ;-- SHE could discover in them the quick feelings , and needless alarm of a lover .
5 : 10 Then fell she down straightway at his feet , and yielded up the ghost : and the young men came in , and found her dead , and , carrying her forth , buried her by her husband .
They had previously known embarrassments enough to try the friendship of their friends , and to prove that Mr Elliot ' s had better not be tried ; but it was not till his death that the wretched state of his affairs was fully known .
I am sorry to find , my love , that my father does not think you looking well -- but I hope it is only from being a little fatigued .
6 : 38 And it was so : for he rose up early on the morrow , and thrust the fleece together , and wringed the dew out of the fleece , a bowl full of water .
11 : 35 And the people journeyed from Kibrothhattaavah unto Hazeroth ; and abode at Hazeroth .
43 : 12 I have declared , and have saved , and I have shewed , when there was no strange god among you : therefore ye are my witnesses , saith the LORD , that I am God .
5 : 6 And the king said unto Esther at the banquet of wine , What is thy petition ?
And he said , Is it not good , if peace and truth be in my days ?
4 : 1 So I returned , and considered all the oppressions that are done under the sun : and behold the tears of such as were oppressed , and they had no comforter ; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter .
8 : 8 And he went up thence to Penuel , and spake unto them likewise : and the men of Penuel answered him as the men of Succoth had answered him .
11 : 19 Now they which were scattered abroad upon the persecution that arose about Stephen travelled as far as Phenice , and Cyprus , and Antioch , preaching the word to none but unto the Jews only .
And he said , I will not do it for forty ' s sake .
Remember me , O my God , concerning this also , and spare me according to the greatness of thy mercy .
And says ; Thou mother of my children , I have loved thee And I have given thee a crown that none can take away .
" But I do assure you it was so , for all that , and I will tell you how it happened .
3 : 9 For then will I turn to the people a pure language , that they may all call upon the name of the LORD , to serve him with one consent .
40 : 33 And he reared up the court round about the tabernacle and the altar , and set up the hanging of the court gate .
And they did so .
John Knightley now came into the room from examining the weather , and opened on them all with the information of the ground being covered with snow , and of its still snowing fast , with a strong drifting wind ; concluding with these words to Mr .
1 : 21 And they went into Capernaum ; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue , and taught .
11 : 29 And Jesus answered and said unto them , I will also ask of you one question , and answer me , and I will tell you by what authority I do these things .
I never met with a disposition more truly amiable ."
1 : 6 But my words and my statutes , which I commanded my servants the prophets , did they not take hold of your fathers ?
And the clock struck nine .
pleaded the hermit . "
34 : 23 Thrice in the year shall all your menchildren appear before the LORD God , the God of Israel .
It was the same , the very same man , with no difference but of dress .
9 : 17 And they did eat , and were all filled : and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets .
2 : 5 But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God ; 2 : 6 Who will render to every man according to his deeds : 2 : 7 To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality , eternal life : 2 : 8 But unto them that are contentious , and do not obey the truth , but obey unrighteousness , indignation and wrath , 2 : 9 Tribulation and anguish , upon every soul of man that doeth evil , of the Jew first , and also of the Gentile ; 2 : 10 But glory , honour , and peace , to every man that worketh good , to the Jew first , and also to the Gentile : 2 : 11 For there is no respect of persons with God .
14 : 31 Then Joab arose , and came to Absalom unto his house , and said unto him , Wherefore have thy servants set my field on fire ?
9 : 46 Then there arose a reasoning among them , which of them should be greatest .
6 : 35 And Jesus said unto them , I am the bread of life : he that cometh to me shall never hunger ; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst .
Elton had learned from the ostler on the subject , being the accumulation of the ostler ' s own knowledge , and the knowledge of the servants at Randalls , was , that a messenger had come over from Richmond soon after the return of the party from Box Hill -- which messenger , however , had been no more than was expected ; and that Mr .
16 : 12 And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt : and thou shalt observe and do these statutes .
7 : 1 Woe is me !
Then he spoke out pleasantly . "
After a mutual silence of some minutes , Harriet thus began again -- " I do so wonder , Miss Woodhouse , that you should not be married , or going to be married !
4 : 6 Set up the standard toward Zion : retire , stay not : for I will bring evil from the north , and a great destruction .
6 : 11 Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing ; and he called his servants , and said unto them , Will ye not shew me which of us is for the king of Israel ?
Goddard ' s , her evil stars had led her to the very spot where , at that moment , a trunk , directed to _The_ _Rev .
These difficulties , indeed , with a heart so alienated from Lucy , might not press very hard upon his patience ; but melancholy was the state of the person by whom the expectation of family opposition and unkindness , could be felt as a relief !
5 : 5 Therefore neither the priests of Dagon , nor any that come into Dagon ' s house , tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod unto this day .
2 : 24 Let that therefore abide in you , which ye have heard from the beginning .
6 : 34 And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive , what thank have ye ?
7 : 10 And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering , the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel : but the LORD thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the Philistines , and discomfited them ; and they were smitten before Israel .
or what receiveth he of thine hand ?
I assure you , Miss Anne , it prevents my wishing to see them at our house so often as I otherwise should .
28 : 29 And Aaron shall bear the names of the children of Israel in the breastplate of judgment upon his heart , when he goeth in unto the holy place , for a memorial before the LORD continually .
10 : 9 And it came to pass in the morning , that he went out , and stood , and said to all the people , Ye be righteous : behold , I conspired against my master , and slew him : but who slew all these ?
You must have done well .
12 : 3 And they caught him , and beat him , and sent him away empty .
16 : 30 But if the LORD make a new thing , and the earth open her mouth , and swallow them up , with all that appertain unto them , and they go down quick into the pit ; then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the LORD .
Marianne had now been brought by degrees , so much into the habit of going out every day , that it was become a matter of indifference to her , whether she went or not : and she prepared quietly and mechanically for every evening ' s engagement , though without expecting the smallest amusement from any , and very often without knowing , till the last moment , where it was to take her .
And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God , the God of their fathers .
8 : 14 And he appointed , according to the order of David his father , the courses of the priests to their service , and the Levites to their charges , to praise and minister before the priests , as the duty of every day required : the porters also by their courses at every gate : for so had David the man of God commanded .
And yet it was far , very far , from impossible .-- Was it a new circumstance for a man of first - rate abilities to be captivated by very inferior powers ?
How could you have consoled her !-- I cannot express my own abhorrence of myself .
18 : 20 Thou sayest , ( but they are but vain words ,) I have counsel and strength for the war .
9 : 1 Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of Israel were assembled with fasting , and with sackclothes , and earth upon them .
3 : 12 Seeing then that we have such hope , we use great plainness of speech : 3 : 13 And not as Moses , which put a vail over his face , that the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that which is abolished : 3 : 14 But their minds were blinded : for until this day remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading of the old testament ; which vail is done away in Christ .
It happened to catch Sophia ' s eye before it caught mine -- and its size , the elegance of the paper , the hand - writing altogether , immediately gave her a suspicion .
21 : 4 And he built altars in the house of the LORD , of which the LORD said , In Jerusalem will I put my name .
13 : 7 Unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days ; and there shall no leavened bread be seen with thee , neither shall there be leaven seen with thee in all thy quarters .
7 : 10 Then Amaziah the priest of Bethel sent to Jeroboam king of Israel , saying , Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel : the land is not able to bear all his words .
and Miss Bates , Mr .
So they made a statue of her , just as she used to look , sitting in her own office door , or driving in her own little cart .
Excepting inequality of fortune , and perhaps a little disparity of age , I can see nothing unsuitable ."
46 : 4 And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish , and a ram without blemish .
2 : 21 I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth , but because ye know it , and that no lie is of the truth .
She saw their sashes untied , their hair pulled about their ears , their work - bags searched , and their knives and scissors stolen away , and felt no doubt of its being a reciprocal enjoyment .
And when it came nearer , they saw that it was a most beautiful lady , robed in floating garments as fine as cobwebs and wearing on her head a crown so bright that no one could tell whether it was of diamonds or of dew .
18 : 6 And it came to pass as they came , when David was returned from the slaughter of the Philistine , that the women came out of all cities of Israel , singing and dancing , to meet king Saul , with tabrets , with joy , and with instruments of musick .
25 : 50 And he shall reckon with him that bought him from the year that he was sold to him unto the year of jubile : and the price of his sale shall be according unto the number of years , according to the time of an hired servant shall it be with him .
Such an adventure as this ,-- a fine young man and a lovely young woman thrown together in such a way , could hardly fail of suggesting certain ideas to the coldest heart and the steadiest brain .
She treated her therefore , with all the indulgent fondness of a parent towards a favourite child on the last day of its holidays .
14 : 6 Then the children of Judah came unto Joshua in Gilgal : and Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite said unto him , Thou knowest the thing that the LORD said unto Moses the man of God concerning me and thee in Kadeshbarnea .
2 : 17 And Abigail bare Amasa : and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite .
16 : 46 And thine elder sister is Samaria , she and her daughters that dwell at thy left hand : and thy younger sister , that dwelleth at thy right hand , is Sodom and her daughters .
The two Ducks saw that they could no longer live there , so they decided to fly to another region , where there was more water .
119 : 30 I have chosen the way of truth : thy judgments have I laid before me .
20 : 9 The eye also which saw him shall see him no more ; neither shall his place any more behold him .
3 : 31 And David said to Joab , and to all the people that were with him , Rend your clothes , and gird you with sackcloth , and mourn before Abner .
22 : 21 Acquaint now thyself with him , and be at peace : thereby good shall come unto thee .
And he arose and departed : and Jonathan went into the city .
7 : 1 A good name is better than precious ointment ; and the day of death than the day of one ' s birth .
26 : 36 Then cometh Jesus with them unto a place called Gethsemane , and saith unto the disciples , Sit ye here , while I go and pray yonder .
16 : 3 And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea ; and it became as the blood of a dead man : and every living soul died in the sea .
3 : 14 And he made the vail of blue , and purple , and crimson , and fine linen , and wrought cherubims thereon .
No more is Emma .
48 : 10 And for them , even for the priests , shall be this holy oblation ; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length , and toward the west ten thousand in breadth , and toward the east ten thousand in breadth , and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length : and the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof .
3 : 7 And he went and sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah , saying , The king of Moab hath rebelled against me : wilt thou go with me against Moab to battle ?
let him go and return unto his house , lest he die in the battle , and another man take her .
He had talked of going down to Plymouth for a week , and wanted to persuade Captain Benwick to go with him ; but , as Charles maintained to the last , Captain Benwick seemed much more disposed to ride over to Kellynch .
34 : 27 The sons of Jacob came upon the slain , and spoiled the city , because they had defiled their sister .
He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord , how he may please the Lord : 7 : 33 But he that is married careth for the things that are of the world , how he may please his wife .
35 : 30 Whoso killeth any person , the murderer shall be put to death by the mouth of witnesses : but one witness shall not testify against any person to cause him to die .
And Moses said unto them , This is the bread which the LORD hath given you to eat .
32 : 3 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will therefore spread out my net over thee with a company of many people ; and they shall bring thee up in my net .
3 : 2 A bishop then must be blameless , the husband of one wife , vigilant , sober , of good behaviour , given to hospitality , apt to teach ; 3 : 3 Not given to wine , no striker , not greedy of filthy lucre ; but patient , not a brawler , not covetous ; 3 : 4 One that ruleth well his own house , having his children in subjection with all gravity ; 3 : 5 ( For if a man know not how to rule his own house , how shall he take care of the church of God ?)
So obliged to you !-- so very much obliged to you for the carriage ," resumed Miss Bates .
10 : 8 And the sons of Aaron , the priests , shall blow with the trumpets ; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations .
She hoped to be wise and reasonable in time ; but alas !
26 : 20 Now therefore , let not my blood fall to the earth before the face of the LORD : for the king of Israel is come out to seek a flea , as when one doth hunt a partridge in the mountains .
5 : 1 It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you , and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles , that one should have his father ' s wife .
I clearly understand it now , and I will strictly fulfil my engagement by such acts of assistance and kindness to them as you have described .
" Where is the young man ?"
This is Pharaoh and all his multitude , saith the Lord GOD .
Goddard , requesting , in most respectful terms , to be allowed to bring Miss Smith with her ; a most welcome request : for Miss Smith was a girl of seventeen , whom Emma knew very well by sight , and had long felt an interest in , on account of her beauty .
26 : 69 Now Peter sat without in the palace : and a damsel came unto him , saying , Thou also wast with Jesus of Galilee .
And the people did according to this promise .
21 : 23 Whoso keepeth his mouth and his tongue keepeth his soul from troubles .
7 : 3 They make the king glad with their wickedness , and the princes with their lies .
He looked as if he fully understood and honoured such a sentiment .
11 : 11 Nevertheless neither is the man without the woman , neither the woman without the man , in the Lord .
50 : 1 Thus saith the LORD , Where is the bill of your mother ' s divorcement , whom I have put away ?
Now , here will be Mr .
20 : 8 And there were many lights in the upper chamber , where they were gathered together .
14 : 29 And he said , Come .
105 : 30 Their land brought forth frogs in abundance , in the chambers of their kings .
4 : 6 And when thou hast accomplished them , lie again on thy right side , and thou shalt bear the iniquity of the house of Judah forty days : I have appointed thee each day for a year .
5 : 11 When goods increase , they are increased that eat them : and what good is there to the owners thereof , saving the beholding of them with their eyes ?
12 : 15 Seven days shall ye eat unleavened bread ; even the first day ye shall put away leaven out of your houses : for whosoever eateth leavened bread from the first day until the seventh day , that soul shall be cut off from Israel .
Bless ye the LORD .
I want to play , too !"
16 : 4 So the children of Joseph , Manasseh and Ephraim , took their inheritance .
Emma knew that she had , but would not own it ; and Mr .
6 : 8 Now , O king , establish the decree , and sign the writing , that it be not changed , according to the law of the Medes and Persians , which altereth not .
and Marianne , still talking wildly of mama , her alarm increased so rapidly , as to determine her on sending instantly for Mr .
I never compliment .
8 : 27 But will God indeed dwell on the earth ?
34 : 14 Depart from evil , and do good ; seek peace , and pursue it .
7 : 9 As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away : so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more .
He did so , but very soon stopt again to say , " the pianoforte !
60 : 17 For brass I will bring gold , and for iron I will bring silver , and for wood brass , and for stones iron : I will also make thy officers peace , and thine exactors righteousness .
and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice , and lifted up thine eyes on high ?
What is the matter , dear ?"
36 : 35 And Husham died , and Hadad the son of Bedad , who smote Midian in the field of Moab , reigned in his stead : and the name of his city was Avith .
18 : 21 But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed , and keep all my statutes , and do that which is lawful and right , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
17 : 17 Neither shall Pharaoh with his mighty army and great company make for him in the war , by casting up mounts , and building forts , to cut off many persons : 17 : 18 Seeing he despised the oath by breaking the covenant , when , lo , he had given his hand , and hath done all these things , he shall not escape .
Yes ; but I don ' t see any lock ," said the little Jackal , " does it lock on the outside ?"
13 : 1 And I stood upon the sand of the sea , and saw a beast rise up out of the sea , having seven heads and ten horns , and upon his horns ten crowns , and upon his heads the name of blasphemy .
add ye year to year ; let them kill sacrifices .
9 : 13 Do ye not know that they which minister about holy things live of the things of the temple ?
why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered ?
3 : 24 The LORD is my portion , saith my soul ; therefore will I hope in him .
16 : 18 For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ , but their own belly ; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple .
He had never been in the room at the Crown in his life -- did not know the people who kept it by sight .-- Oh !
Where did he live ?
It is to tenfold life , to love , to peace , and raptures holy : Unseen descending , weigh my light wings upon balmy flowers : And court the fair eyed dew , to take me to her shining tent The weeping virgin , trembling kneels before the risen sun .
3 : 5 And he said , Draw not nigh hither : put off thy shoes from off thy feet , for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground .
Emma was obliged to ask what they had told her , though fearful of its producing Mr .
49 : 30 Flee , get you far off , dwell deep , O ye inhabitants of Hazor , saith the LORD ; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath taken counsel against you , and hath conceived a purpose against you .
2 : 21 If a man therefore purge himself from these , he shall be a vessel unto honour , sanctified , and meet for the master ' s use , and prepared unto every good work .
Weston calling on every body to begin dancing again . "
41 : 10 But thou , O LORD , be merciful unto me , and raise me up , that I may requite them .
I have a right to talk on such subjects , without being suspected of introducing Robert Martin ."
How d ' ye do ?-- how d ' ye do ?-- Very well , I thank you .
and so imperfectly have I discharged my trust !"
He has not been able to get the Romance of the Forest yet .
11 : 1 Then answered Zophar the Naamathite , and said , 11 : 2 Should not the multitude of words be answered ?
103 : 15 As for man , his days are as grass : as a flower of the field , so he flourisheth .
9 : 62 And Jesus said unto him , No man , having put his hand to the plough , and looking back , is fit for the kingdom of God .
I hold them as high as I can for the little boy , who comes dancing out .
13 : 36 For David , after he had served his own generation by the will of God , fell on sleep , and was laid unto his fathers , and saw corruption : 13 : 37 But he , whom God raised again , saw no corruption .
4 : 22 And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness .
3 : 8 This is a faithful saying , and these things I will that thou affirm constantly , that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain good works .
what can be the meaning of it !
5 : 24 Therefore as the church is subject unto Christ , so let the wives be to their own husbands in every thing .
5 : 23 Whether is easier , to say , Thy sins be forgiven thee ; or to say , Rise up and walk ?
61 : 11 For as the earth bringeth forth her bud , and as the garden causeth the things that are sown in it to spring forth ; so the Lord GOD will cause righteousness and praise to spring forth before all the nations .
2 : 1 Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard , lest at any time we should let them slip .
1 : 3 Judah is gone into captivity because of affliction , and because of great servitude : she dwelleth among the heathen , she findeth no rest : all her persecutors overtook her between the straits .
His importance at Enscombe was very evident .
23 : 24 And Pilate gave sentence that it should be as they required .
It was the desire of appearing superior to other people .
3 : 22 It is of the LORD ' s mercies that we are not consumed , because his compassions fail not .
22 : 36 Then said he unto them , But now , he that hath a purse , let him take it , and likewise his scrip : and he that hath no sword , let him sell his garment , and buy one .
He felt their soft little touches on his head and his twigs and his branches .
The service he rendered you was enough to warm your heart ."
we speak before God in Christ : but we do all things , dearly beloved , for your edifying .
Their respectability was as dear to her as her own , and a daily intercourse had become precious by habit .
6 : 12 And the kine took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh , and went along the highway , lowing as they went , and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left ; and the lords of the Philistines went after them unto the border of Bethshemesh .
12 : 31 But covet earnestly the best gifts : and yet shew I unto you a more excellent way .
10 : 11 For the scripture saith , Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed .
115 : 16 The heaven , even the heavens , are the LORD ' s : but the earth hath he given to the children of men .
" I know nothing of the large parties of London , sir -- I never dine with any body ."
9 : 5 And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness ; and having rent my garment and my mantle , I fell upon my knees , and spread out my hands unto the LORD my God , 9 : 6 And said , O my God , I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to thee , my God : for our iniquities are increased over our head , and our trespass is grown up unto the heavens .
What a pity it is that Mr .
my son ," cried the hermit , and now his tears were tears of joy . "
You see how I done set ' em on the doorstep to cool ?
88 : 1 O lord God of my salvation , I have cried day and night before thee : 88 : 2 Let my prayer come before thee : incline thine ear unto my cry ; 88 : 3 For my soul is full of troubles : and my life draweth nigh unto the grave .
Overhead , the blazing sun shone in all his noonday glory .
Mrs .
Straight to the open doors of the big banquet hall he made his way , and into the midst of the grand feast there .
34 : 19 Many are the afflictions of the righteous : but the LORD delivereth him out of them all .
106 : 10 And he saved them from the hand of him that hated them , and redeemed them from the hand of the enemy .
5 : 3 For I verily , as absent in body , but present in spirit , have judged already , as though I were present , concerning him that hath so done this deed , 5 : 4 In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , when ye are gathered together , and my spirit , with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ , 5 : 5 To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh , that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus .
36 : 29 And they were coupled beneath , and coupled together at the head thereof , to one ring : thus he did to both of them in both the corners .
But Elinor would not give her any encouragement to hope that she SHOULD tell her sister .
I wish her extremely well : and , no doubt , there are men who might not object to -- Every body has their level : but as for myself , I am not , I think , quite so much at a loss .
" I should have been sorry , Mr .
At last he did persuade him , however , and they walked on together .
2 : 9 Wherefore I will yet plead with you , saith the LORD , and with your children ' s children will I plead .
1 : 6 And the sons of Gomer ; Ashchenaz , and Riphath , and Togarmah .
10 : 9 And when they had stripped him , they took his head , and his armour , and sent into the land of the Philistines round about , to carry tidings unto their idols , and to the people .
22 : 13 And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah spake unto him , saying , Behold now , the words of the prophets declare good unto the king with one mouth : let thy word , I pray thee , be like the word of one of them , and speak that which is good .
19 : 29 And it came to pass , when God destroyed the cities of the plain , that God remembered Abraham , and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow , when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelt .
2 : 4 The children of Shephatiah , three hundred seventy and two .
11 : 12 And he brought forth the king ' s son , and put the crown upon him , and gave him the testimony ; and they made him king , and anointed him ; and they clapped their hands , and said , God save the king .
" On your side , my love , it was very innocently done .
26 : 34 And thou shalt put the mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place .
89 : 9 Thou rulest the raging of the sea : when the waves thereof arise , thou stillest them .
" He WOULD have told me so , I doubt not , had I made any such inquiries , but they happened to be points on which I had been previously informed ."
17 : 4 And it shall be , that thou shalt drink of the brook ; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there .
4 : 36 Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice , that he might instruct thee : and upon earth he shewed thee his great fire ; and thou heardest his words out of the midst of the fire .
13 : 8 Of the tribe of Ephraim , Oshea the son of Nun .
38 : 26 And Judah acknowledged them , and said , She hath been more righteous than I ; because that I gave her not to Shelah my son .
" What is this ?-- What is this ?"
6 : 6 For I desired mercy , and not sacrifice ; and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings .
Emma , in the meanwhile , could not be satisfied without a dinner at Hartfield for the Eltons .
it shall be ill with him : for the reward of his hands shall be given him .
2 : 16 And he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away naked in that day , saith the LORD .
I am sure if I knew of any thing she would like , I would send all over the town for it .
He may have as strong a sense of what would be right , as you can have , without being so equal , under particular circumstances , to act up to it ."
3 : 38 And the king said unto his servants , Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel ?
If one thinks of all that it has to do , and all that it does so well , it is really astonishing !"
" Oh !
for the ways of the LORD are right , and the just shall walk in them : but the transgressors shall fall therein .
Her eyes were towards Donwell as she walked , but she saw him not . "
27 : 22 And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father ; and he felt him , and said , The voice is Jacob ' s voice , but the hands are the hands of Esau .
Come forth worm and the silent valley , to thy pensive queen .
28 : 31 Ye shall offer them beside the continual burnt offering , and his meat offering , ( they shall be unto you without blemish ) and their drink offerings .
Yes , that will be quite enough for pleasure .
60 : 18 Violence shall no more be heard in thy land , wasting nor destruction within thy borders ; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation , and thy gates Praise .
So Joab returned from the children of Ammon , and came to Jerusalem .
We may well say that ` our lot is cast in a goodly heritage .'
7 : 21 And the fish that was in the river died ; and the river stank , and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river ; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt .
Weston , look sorrowful , and have done . "
" I know you , I know you ; you would take up with any thing ; but I shall be a little more nice , and I am sure the good Campbells will be quite on my side ; with your superior talents , you have a right to move in the first circle .
Woodhouse , of whose friendly civilities he should ever retain a grateful sense -- and had Mr .
16 : 41 And they shall burn thine houses with fire , and execute judgments upon thee in the sight of many women : and I will cause thee to cease from playing the harlot , and thou also shalt give no hire any more .
You know I candidly told you I should form my own opinion ; and I am happy to say that I am extremely pleased with him .-- You may believe me .
Is any merry ?
32 : 30 This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon , and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David .
And he left them , and departed .
he said ,-- " I have run away from a little old woman , " A little old man , " A cow , " A horse , " A barn full of threshers , " And I can run away from you , I can !"
His father only called him a coxcomb , and thought it a very good story ; but that Mrs .
8 : 53 Art thou greater than our father Abraham , which is dead ?
88 : 15 I am afflicted and ready to die from my youth up : while I suffer thy terrors I am distracted .
" There is one subject ," he replied , " I hope but one , on which we do not think alike ."
9 : 39 And Ner begat Kish ; and Kish begat Saul ; and Saul begat Jonathan , and Malchishua , and Abinadab , and Eshbaal .
He has not such a fine air and way of walking as Mr .
Jennings , were to have taken their mother by surprise on the following forenoon .
Mr Elliot , and his friends in Marlborough Buildings , were talked of the whole evening . "
He had been to several families that morning in hopes of procuring some addition to their number , but it was moonlight and every body was full of engagements .
12 : 2 And Jephthah said unto them , I and my people were at great strife with the children of Ammon ; and when I called you , ye delivered me not out of their hands .
33 : 11 And they removed from the Red sea , and encamped in the wilderness of Sin .
And Jane Fairfax , too , of all women !"
4 : 39 And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman , which testified , He told me all that ever I did .
And Eliezer had none other sons ; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many .
21 : 21 He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life , righteousness , and honour .
22 : 40 On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets .
I am not saying that she did not err in her advice .
10 : 1 Now it came to pass , when Adonizedec king of Jerusalem had heard how Joshua had taken Ai , and had utterly destroyed it ; as he had done to Jericho and her king , so he had done to Ai and her king ; and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made peace with Israel , and were among them ; 10 : 2 That they feared greatly , because Gibeon was a great city , as one of the royal cities , and because it was greater than Ai , and all the men thereof were mighty .
" You think her diffident .
7 : 62 The children of Delaiah , the children of Tobiah , the children of Nekoda , six hundred forty and two .
8 : 64 The same day did the king hallow the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD : for there he offered burnt offerings , and meat offerings , and the fat of the peace offerings : because the brasen altar that was before the LORD was too little to receive the burnt offerings , and meat offerings , and the fat of the peace offerings .
Elinor , startled by his manner , looked at him anxiously , saying , " What ?
15 : 31 Now the rest of the acts of Nadab , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
Sixteen years had Miss Taylor been in Mr .
89 : 50 Remember , Lord , the reproach of thy servants ; how I do bear in my bosom the reproach of all the mighty people ; 89 : 51 Wherewith thine enemies have reproached , O LORD ; wherewith they have reproached the footsteps of thine anointed .
" Depend upon me -- but ask no more questions .
" Never mind if they do .
This is what he did .
But I thought you would .
It was every day implied , but never professedly declared .
Such were Elizabeth Elliot ' s sentiments and sensations ; such the cares to alloy , the agitations to vary , the sameness and the elegance , the prosperity and the nothingness of her scene of life ; such the feelings to give interest to a long , uneventful residence in one country circle , to fill the vacancies which there were no habits of utility abroad , no talents or accomplishments for home , to occupy .
38 : 39 Wilt thou hunt the prey for the lion ?
In general their evenings were less engaged with friends than their mornings ; but one complete dinner engagement , and out of the house too , there was no avoiding , though at Christmas .
It was too old a story .-- Robert Martin had probably ceased to think of Harriet .-- They took a few turns together along the walk .-- The shade was most refreshing , and Emma found it the pleasantest part of the day .
" It was my friend Mrs Rooke ; Nurse Rooke ; who , by - the - bye , had a great curiosity to see you , and was delighted to be in the way to let you in .
25 : 27 For it seemeth to me unreasonable to send a prisoner , and not withal to signify the crimes laid against him .
Knightley actually looked red with surprize and displeasure , as he stood up , in tall indignation , and said , " Then she is a greater simpleton than I ever believed her .
51 : 2 Look unto Abraham your father , and unto Sarah that bare you : for I called him alone , and blessed him , and increased him .
15 : 44 And Pilate marvelled if he were already dead : and calling unto him the centurion , he asked him whether he had been any while dead .
3 : 33 The curse of the LORD is in the house of the wicked : but he blesseth the habitation of the just .
He and Mary had been persuaded to go early to their inn last night .
5 : 26 Then went the captain with the officers , and brought them without violence : for they feared the people , lest they should have been stoned .
32 : 12 Yea , I attended unto you , and , behold , there was none of you that convinced Job , or that answered his words : 32 : 13 Lest ye should say , We have found out wisdom : God thrusteth him down , not man .
Find some body for me .
21 : 8 And he said , Take heed that ye be not deceived : for many shall come in my name , saying , I am Christ ; and the time draweth near : go ye not therefore after them .
" It is strange ," replied Elinor , in a most painful perplexity , " that I should never have heard him even mention your name ."
9 : 34 But the Pharisees said , He casteth out devils through the prince of the devils .
For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed .
26 : 6 Then answered David and said to Ahimelech the Hittite , and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah , brother to Joab , saying , Who will go down with me to Saul to the camp ?
89 : 40 Thou hast broken down all his hedges ; thou hast brought his strong holds to ruin .
27 : 19 As in water face answereth to face , so the heart of man to man .
2 : 13 And Adonijah the son of Haggith came to Bathsheba the mother of Solomon .
7 : 14 Then answered Amos , and said to Amaziah , I was no prophet , neither was I a prophet ' s son ; but I was an herdman , and a gatherer of sycomore fruit : 7 : 15 And the LORD took me as I followed the flock , and the LORD said unto me , Go , prophesy unto my people Israel .
The good was all to myself , by making you an object of the tenderest affection to me .
2 : 68 And some of the chief of the fathers , when they came to the house of the LORD which is at Jerusalem , offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place : 2 : 69 They gave after their ability unto the treasure of the work threescore and one thousand drams of gold , and five thousand pound of silver , and one hundred priests ' garments .
Weston , upon his behaviour to whom her opinion of him was to depend .
God save you ," said the tailor . "
27 : 26 And his father Isaac said unto him , Come near now , and kiss me , my son .
24 : 58 And they called Rebekah , and said unto her , Wilt thou go with this man ?
1 : 16 Now as he walked by the sea of Galilee , he saw Simon and Andrew his brother casting a net into the sea : for they were fishers .
4 : 21 Let them not depart from thine eyes ; keep them in the midst of thine heart .
21 : 33 And Abraham planted a grove in Beersheba , and called there on the name of the LORD , the everlasting God .
23 : 4 These are the feasts of the LORD , even holy convocations , which ye shall proclaim in their seasons .
Elton , she had a quarter of an hour of the lady ' s conversation to herself , and could composedly attend to her ; and the quarter of an hour quite convinced her that Mrs .
22 : 3 Say unto them , Whosoever he be of all your seed among your generations , that goeth unto the holy things , which the children of Israel hallow unto the LORD , having his uncleanness upon him , that soul shall be cut off from my presence : I am the LORD .
2 : 1 For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you , and for them at Laodicea , and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh ; 2 : 2 That their hearts might be comforted , being knit together in love , and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding , to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God , and of the Father , and of Christ ; 2 : 3 In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge .
7 : 71 And some of the chief of the fathers gave to the treasure of the work twenty thousand drams of gold , and two thousand and two hundred pound of silver .
Ah , my dear ," said he , " poor Miss Taylor -- It is a grievous business ."
Elton had most kindly sent Jane a note , or we should have been .-- But two such offers in one day !-- Never were such neighbours .
It is a retired place .
A situation such as you deserve , and your friends would require for you , is no everyday occurrence , is not obtained at a moment ' s notice ; indeed , indeed , we must begin inquiring directly ."
" Indeed you wrong me ," replied Lucy , with great solemnity ; " I know nobody of whose judgment I think so highly as I do of yours ; and I do really believe , that if you was to say to me , ' I advise you by all means to put an end to your engagement with Edward Ferrars , it will be more for the happiness of both of you ,' I should resolve upon doing it immediately ."
If the violence of her passions , the weakness of her understanding -- I do not mean , however , to defend myself .
6 : 10 And Joshua had commanded the people , saying , Ye shall not shout , nor make any noise with your voice , neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth , until the day I bid you shout ; then shall ye shout .
I did not see it to advantage , for nothing could be more forlorn than the furniture ,-- but if it were newly fitted up -- a couple of hundred pounds , Willoughby says , would make it one of the pleasantest summer - rooms in England ."
He wore the little gold ring all the rest of his life , but never once did it have to prick him hard enough to make his finger bleed .
11 : 20 And Reu lived two and thirty years , and begat Serug : 11 : 21 And Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years , and begat sons and daughters .
24 : 2 And they found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre .
Mrs .
37 : 23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD : and he delighteth in his way .
13 : 7 And some of the Hebrews went over Jordan to the land of Gad and Gilead .
for my soul is wearied because of murderers .
12 : 13 And they send unto him certain of the Pharisees and of the Herodians , to catch him in his words .
But I am a partial old friend ."
" I hope so -- for at that time I was a fool ."
17 : 15 And one of them , when he saw that he was healed , turned back , and with a loud voice glorified God , 17 : 16 And fell down on his face at his feet , giving him thanks : and he was a Samaritan .
Elton ' s , were unpleasant towards Harriet .
" How unlucky that is !
The name makes me think of poor Isabella ; for she was very near being christened Catherine after her grandmama .
Weston any letter about her to produce ?"
Knightley ' s marrying Jane Fairfax ?"
7 : 20 But the soul that eateth of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings , that pertain unto the LORD , having his uncleanness upon him , even that soul shall be cut off from his people .
21 : 20 And there was yet a battle in Gath , where was a man of great stature , that had on every hand six fingers , and on every foot six toes , four and twenty in number ; and he also was born to the giant .
26 : 10 Also Hosah , of the children of Merari , had sons ; Simri the chief , ( for though he was not the firstborn , yet his father made him the chief ;) 26 : 11 Hilkiah the second , Tebaliah the third , Zechariah the fourth : all the sons and brethren of Hosah were thirteen .
Mr .
19 : 23 And when ye shall come into the land , and shall have planted all manner of trees for food , then ye shall count the fruit thereof as uncircumcised : three years shall it be as uncircumcised unto you : it shall not be eaten of .
Mrs .
6 : 8 Also I heard the voice of the Lord , saying , Whom shall I send , and who will go for us ?
And by and by , she married one of the people who loved her , and had a house of her own to take care of .
But Sir John did not sport long with the curiosity which he delighted to raise , for he had at least as much pleasure in telling the name , as Miss Steele had in hearing it . "
It was weather which might fairly confine every body at home ; and though she hoped and believed him to be really taking comfort in some society or other , it was very pleasant to have her father so well satisfied with his being all alone in his own house , too wise to stir out ; and to hear him say to Mr .
49 : 13 Sing , O heavens ; and be joyful , O earth ; and break forth into singing , O mountains : for the LORD hath comforted his people , and will have mercy upon his afflicted .
33 : 12 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Again in this place , which is desolate without man and without beast , and in all the cities thereof , shall be an habitation of shepherds causing their flocks to lie down .
" I am quite sure ," he replied , speaking very distinctly , " that he told me she had accepted him ; and that there was no obscurity , nothing doubtful , in the words he used ; and I think I can give you a proof that it must be so .
Of very important , very recordable events , it was not more productive than such meetings usually are .
68 : 9 Thou , O God , didst send a plentiful rain , whereby thou didst confirm thine inheritance , when it was weary .
11 : 6 Upon the wicked he shall rain snares , fire and brimstone , and an horrible tempest : this shall be the portion of their cup .
I do suspect he would not have had a pair of horses for himself , and that it was only as an excuse for assisting them ."
We also are men of like passions with you , and preach unto you that ye should turn from these vanities unto the living God , which made heaven , and earth , and the sea , and all things that are therein : 14 : 16 Who in times past suffered all nations to walk in their own ways .
4 : 14 Now because we have maintenance from the king ' s palace , and it was not meet for us to see the king ' s dishonour , therefore have we sent and certified the king ; 4 : 15 That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers : so shalt thou find in the book of the records , and know that this city is a rebellious city , and hurtful unto kings and provinces , and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time : for which cause was this city destroyed .
I know the summer will pass happily away .
By and by , war broke out between the people of David ' s country and a people that lived near at hand ; these men were called Philistines , and the people of David ' s country were named Israelites .
She would not allow any other anxiety to succeed directly to the place in her mind which Harriet had occupied .
18 : 7 And as Obadiah was in the way , behold , Elijah met him : and he knew him , and fell on his face , and said , Art thou that my lord Elijah ?
23 : 42 And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her : and with the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness , which put bracelets upon their hands , and beautiful crowns upon their heads .
Jesus answered , Ye neither know me , nor my Father : if ye had known me , ye should have known my Father also .
She had taken the chance , while everybody was listening to the waltz tunes , to fly away through the window to her own greenwood . "
Awake and sing , ye that dwell in dust : for thy dew is as the dew of herbs , and the earth shall cast out the dead .
Are you not king ?"
" You surprise me very much .
27 : 24 Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number , but he finished not , because there fell wrath for it against Israel ; neither was the number put in the account of the chronicles of king David .
1 : 12 Wherefore I will not be negligent to put you always in remembrance of these things , though ye know them , and be established in the present truth .
78 : 34 When he slew them , then they sought him : and they returned and enquired early after God .
21 : 15 I have set the point of the sword against all their gates , that their heart may faint , and their ruins be multiplied : ah !
8 : 26 And the weight of the golden earrings that he requested was a thousand and seven hundred shekels of gold ; beside ornaments , and collars , and purple raiment that was on the kings of Midian , and beside the chains that were about their camels ' necks .
This was the season of happiness to Marianne .
29 : 15 I was eyes to the blind , and feet was I to the lame .
105 : 28 He sent darkness , and made it dark ; and they rebelled not against his word .
Then were the disciples glad , when they saw the LORD .
6 : 18 Then the king went to his palace , and passed the night fasting : neither were instruments of musick brought before him : and his sleep went from him .
16 : 9 Therefore my heart is glad , and my glory rejoiceth : my flesh also shall rest in hope .
5 : 26 For as the Father hath life in himself ; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself ; 5 : 27 And hath given him authority to execute judgment also , because he is the Son of man .
3 : 17 For thus saith the LORD , Ye shall not see wind , neither shall ye see rain ; yet that valley shall be filled with water , that ye may drink , both ye , and your cattle , and your beasts .
So unlike what a man should be !-- None of that upright integrity , that strict adherence to truth and principle , that disdain of trick and littleness , which a man should display in every transaction of his life ."
16 : 6 For they have shed the blood of saints and prophets , and thou hast given them blood to drink ; for they are worthy .
So Tamar remained desolate in her brother Absalom ' s house .
Palmer ' s information respecting Willoughby was not very material ; but any testimony in his favour , however small , was pleasing to her . "
12 : 36 And of Asher , such as went forth to battle , expert in war , forty thousand .
Elton ' s return , and being hung over the mantelpiece of the common sitting - room , he got up to look at it , and sighed out his half sentences of admiration just as he ought ; and as for Harriet ' s feelings , they were visibly forming themselves into as strong and steady an attachment as her youth and sort of mind admitted .
6 : 16 And when even was now come , his disciples went down unto the sea , 6 : 17 And entered into a ship , and went over the sea toward Capernaum .
108 : 2 Awake , psaltery and harp : I myself will awake early .
If the Westons think it worth while to be at all this trouble for a few hours of noisy entertainment , I have nothing to say against it , but that they shall not chuse pleasures for me .-- Oh !
9 : 35 And they went to bury her : but they found no more of her than the skull , and the feet , and the palms of her hands .
11 : 45 For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land of Egypt , to be your God : ye shall therefore be holy , for I am holy .
Wingfield told me , that he did not believe he had ever sent us off altogether , in such good case .
1 : 19 So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain ; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof .
47 : 10 And Jacob blessed Pharaoh , and went out from before Pharaoh .
11 : 30 Now Jesus was not yet come into the town , but was in that place where Martha met him .
21 : 27 I will overturn , overturn , overturn , it : and it shall be no more , until he come whose right it is ; and I will give it him .
50 : 4 In those days , and in that time , saith the LORD , the children of Israel shall come , they and the children of Judah together , going and weeping : they shall go , and seek the LORD their God .
She had a great wish to see him .
I should be undeserving of the confidence you have honoured me with , if I felt no desire for its continuance , or no farther curiosity on its subject .
John Dashwood was obliged to submit not only to the exceedingly great inconvenience of sending her carriage for the Miss Dashwoods , but , what was still worse , must be subject to all the unpleasantness of appearing to treat them with attention : and who could tell that they might not expect to go out with her a second time ?
10 : 17 Blessed art thou , O land , when thy king is the son of nobles , and thy princes eat in due season , for strength , and not for drunkenness !
The weather was not tempting enough to draw the two others from their pencil and their book , in spite of Marianne ' s declaration that the day would be lastingly fair , and that every threatening cloud would be drawn off from their hills ; and the two girls set off together .
They then talked on for a few minutes longer without her catching a syllable , when another lucky stop in Marianne ' s performance brought her these words in the Colonel ' s calm voice ,-- " I am afraid it cannot take place very soon ."
5 : 4 David was thirty years old when he began to reign , and he reigned forty years .
Watchman , what of the night ?
Till it does come , you know , we women never mean to have anybody .
The park would be open to him of course , and few navy officers , or men of any other description , can have had such a range ; but what restrictions I might impose on the use of the pleasure - grounds , is another thing .
33 : 19 And he bought a parcel of a field , where he had spread his tent , at the hand of the children of Hamor , Shechem ' s father , for an hundred pieces of money .
Weston and Miss Bates met them at the door . "
10 : 20 And twelve lions stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps : there was not the like made in any kingdom .
50 : 33 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; The children of Israel and the children of Judah were oppressed together : and all that took them captives held them fast ; they refused to let them go .
Tired with kisses sweet , They agree to meet When the silent sleep Waves o ' er heaven ' s deep , And the weary tired wanderers weep .
Frank Churchill had rendered you , in protecting you from the gipsies , was spoken of ."
Lucy went on . "
43 : 11 I , even I , am the LORD ; and beside me there is no saviour .
Elinor was very earnest in her application to her mother , relating all that had passed , her suspicions of Willoughby ' s inconstancy , urging her by every plea of duty and affection to demand from Marianne an account of her real situation with respect to him .
107 : 29 He maketh the storm a calm , so that the waves thereof are still .
19 : 22 And the LORD shall smite Egypt : he shall smite and heal it : and they shall return even to the LORD , and he shall be intreated of them , and shall heal them .
8 : 4 And the king talked with Gehazi the servant of the man of God , saying , Tell me , I pray thee , all the great things that Elisha hath done .
40 : 6 And thou shalt set the altar of the burnt offering before the door of the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation .
10 : 1 And Ahab had seventy sons in Samaria .
There are not many men who would act as he has done .
1 : 15 For , lo , I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north , saith the LORD ; and they shall come , and they shall set every one his throne at the entering of the gates of Jerusalem , and against all the walls thereof round about , and against all the cities of Judah .
If any thing could be more , where all was most , she was more reserved on the subject of Weymouth and the Dixons than any thing .
I say , sir ," turning to Mr .
6 : 41 And when he had taken the five loaves and the two fishes , he looked up to heaven , and blessed , and brake the loaves , and gave them to his disciples to set before them ; and the two fishes divided he among them all .
We must bring her forward .
14 : 31 He that oppresseth the poor reproacheth his Maker : but he that honoureth him hath mercy on the poor .
17 : 15 Then said Hushai unto Zadok and to Abiathar the priests , Thus and thus did Ahithophel counsel Absalom and the elders of Israel ; and thus and thus have I counselled .
19 : 23 The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoar .
13 : 43 Now when the congregation was broken up , many of the Jews and religious proselytes followed Paul and Barnabas : who , speaking to them , persuaded them to continue in the grace of God .
1 : 9 Now God had brought Daniel into favour and tender love with the prince of the eunuchs .
40 : 18 And Joseph answered and said , This is the interpretation thereof : The three baskets are three days : 40 : 19 Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee , and shall hang thee on a tree ; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee .
20 : 47 But six hundred men turned and fled to the wilderness unto the rock Rimmon , and abode in the rock Rimmon four months .
If you knew what a consolation it was to me to relieve my heart speaking to you of what I am always thinking of every moment of my life , your compassion would make you overlook every thing else I am sure ."
6 : 15 And he built the walls of the house within with boards of cedar , both the floor of the house , and the walls of the ceiling : and he covered them on the inside with wood , and covered the floor of the house with planks of fir .
Elton !--` Jane Fairfax and Jane Fairfax .'
7 : 3 I speak not this to condemn you : for I have said before , that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you .
45 : 17 I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations : therefore shall the people praise thee for ever and ever .
And in this wood lived a little Nightingale .
8 : 18 And I have taken the Levites for all the firstborn of the children of Israel .
He was invited to contribute any really good enigmas , charades , or conundrums that he might recollect ; and she had the pleasure of seeing him most intently at work with his recollections ; and at the same time , as she could perceive , most earnestly careful that nothing ungallant , nothing that did not breathe a compliment to the sex should pass his lips .
20 : 5 And if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver the slayer up into his hand ; because he smote his neighbour unwittingly , and hated him not beforetime .
2 : 26 Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law , shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision ?
8 : 12 Then said he unto me , Son of man , hast thou seen what the ancients of the house of Israel do in the dark , every man in the chambers of his imagery ?
And wherefore slew he him ?
Out past him rushed the figure of a man in tattered , scanty clothes , with unkempt hair and white , wild face .
2 : 16 Then Herod , when he saw that he was mocked of the wise men , was exceeding wroth , and sent forth , and slew all the children that were in Bethlehem , and in all the coasts thereof , from two years old and under , according to the time which he had diligently enquired of the wise men .
11 : 35 And it came to pass , when he saw her , that he rent his clothes , and said , Alas , my daughter !
Dashwood feel this ungracious behaviour , and so earnestly did she despise her daughter - in - law for it , that , on the arrival of the latter , she would have quitted the house for ever , had not the entreaty of her eldest girl induced her first to reflect on the propriety of going , and her own tender love for all her three children determined her afterwards to stay , and for their sakes avoid a breach with their brother .
25 : 24 And he took all the gold and the silver , and all the vessels that were found in the house of God with Obededom , and the treasures of the king ' s house , the hostages also , and returned to Samaria .
Jennings , was a temptation we could not resist .
Elton treats her with all the respect which she has a claim to .
to be sure I do .
21 : 15 If a man have two wives , one beloved , and another hated , and they have born him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated : 21 : 16 Then it shall be , when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath , that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated , which is indeed the firstborn : 21 : 17 But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn , by giving him a double portion of all that he hath : for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
Mr .
So much novelty and beauty !
4 : 1 Let us therefore fear , lest , a promise being left us of entering into his rest , any of you should seem to come short of it .
11 : 12 He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour : but a man of understanding holdeth his peace .
The book of the vision of Nahum the Elkoshite .
He had even refused one regular invitation to dinner ; and having been found on the occasion by Mr Musgrove with some large books before him , Mr and Mrs Musgrove were sure all could not be right , and talked , with grave faces , of his studying himself to death .
3 : 11 The sun and moon stood still in their habitation : at the light of thine arrows they went , and at the shining of thy glittering spear .
for better , for worse ."
15 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron , saying , 15 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When any man hath a running issue out of his flesh , because of his issue he is unclean .
2 : 5 And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews , devout men , out of every nation under heaven .
24 : 21 He evil entreateth the barren that beareth not : and doeth not good to the widow .
out of the barnfloor , or out of the winepress ?
And again , on Emma ' s merely turning her head to look at Mrs .
22 : 4 Thou shalt not see thy brother ' s ass or his ox fall down by the way , and hide thyself from them : thou shalt surely help him to lift them up again .
34 : 21 Six days thou shalt work , but on the seventh day thou shalt rest : in earing time and in harvest thou shalt rest .
said the lion . "
11 : 10 And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah , The LORD be witness between us , if we do not so according to thy words .
15 : 21 And the son said unto him , Father , I have sinned against heaven , and in thy sight , and am no more worthy to be called thy son .
44 : 9 They that make a graven image are all of them vanity ; and their delectable things shall not profit ; and they are their own witnesses ; they see not , nor know ; that they may be ashamed .
4 : 5 Do ye think that the scripture saith in vain , The spirit that dwelleth in us lusteth to envy ?
6 : 17 And a stone was brought , and laid upon the mouth of the den ; and the king sealed it with his own signet , and with the signet of his lords ; that the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel .
-- That thousands of sweepers , Dick , Joe , Ned , and Jack , Were all of them locked up in coffins of black .
He must be starved , you know ;-- that is certain ; absolutely starved ."
13 : 1 And the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 13 : 2 Son of man , prophesy against the prophets of Israel that prophesy , and say thou unto them that prophesy out of their own hearts , Hear ye the word of the LORD ; 13 : 3 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Woe unto the foolish prophets , that follow their own spirit , and have seen nothing !
26 : 4 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD , according to all that his father Amaziah did .
" True .
" And now that I understand your question , I must pronounce it to be a very unfair one .
36 : 14 Thus saith the king , Let not Hezekiah deceive you : for he shall not be able to deliver you .
No one , at least , can think I have not done enough for them : even themselves , they can hardly expect more ."
13 : 58 And the garment , either warp , or woof , or whatsoever thing of skin it be , which thou shalt wash , if the plague be departed from them , then it shall be washed the second time , and shall be clean .
We were only in anxiety and distress during the last two hours , and previously there had been a great deal of enjoyment .
12 : 11 And when the king entered into the house of the LORD , the guard came and fetched them , and brought them again into the guard chamber .
18 : 31 And they set them up Micah ' s graven image , which he made , all the time that the house of God was in Shiloh .
Woodhouse declined cards entirely for the sake of comfortable talk with his dear Isabella , and the little party made two natural divisions ; on one side he and his daughter ; on the other the two Mr .
Knightley ' s not dancing than by any thing else .-- There he was , among the standers - by , where he ought not to be ; he ought to be dancing ,-- not classing himself with the husbands , and fathers , and whist - players , who were pretending to feel an interest in the dance till their rubbers were made up ,-- so young as he looked !-- He could not have appeared to greater advantage perhaps anywhere , than where he had placed himself .
5 : 12 A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence , and with famine shall they be consumed in the midst of thee : and a third part shall fall by the sword round about thee ; and I will scatter a third part into all the winds , and I will draw out a sword after them .
3 : 26 But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes , and would not hear me : and the LORD said unto me , Let it suffice thee ; speak no more unto me of this matter .
18 : 10 There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire , or that useth divination , or an observer of times , or an enchanter , or a witch .
20 : 13 And it came to pass , when God caused me to wander from my father ' s house , that I said unto her , This is thy kindness which thou shalt shew unto me ; at every place whither we shall come , say of me , He is my brother .
Grace be with you .
This is the noise that ye have heard .
7 : 10 Then she that is mine enemy shall see it , and shame shall cover her which said unto me , Where is the LORD thy God ?
" We think so very differently on this point , Mr .
She thinks herself wrong , then , for having consented to a private engagement ?"
28 : 36 And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold , and grave upon it , like the engravings of a signet , HOLINESS TO THE LORD .
14 : 2 He that walketh in his uprightness feareth the LORD : but he that is perverse in his ways despiseth him .
2 : 14 Yet ye say , Wherefore ?
Not that I think Mr .
Do not you see that , at this instant , the very passage of her own letter , which sent me the report , is passing under her eye -- that the whole blunder is spread before her -- that she can attend to nothing else , though pretending to listen to the others ?"
saith the LORD .
The Randalls party agreed to it immediately ; and after a pretty long speech from Miss Bates , which few persons listened to , she also found it possible to accept dear Miss Woodhouse ' s most obliging invitation .
Weston ' s surprize , and felt that it must be great , at an address which , in words and manner , was assuming to himself the right of first interest in her ; and as for herself , she was too much provoked and offended to have the power of directly saying any thing to the purpose .
said the king . "
In this situation , Elinor , roused from sleep by her agitation and sobs , first perceived her ; and after observing her for a few moments with silent anxiety , said , in a tone of the most considerate gentleness , " Marianne , may I ask -?"
And he said , Lord , that I may receive my sight .
4 : 11 And it fell on a day , that he came thither , and he turned into the chamber , and lay there .
25 : 12 Wherefore say , Behold , I give unto him my covenant of peace : 25 : 13 And he shall have it , and his seed after him , even the covenant of an everlasting priesthood ; because he was zealous for his God , and made an atonement for the children of Israel .
6 : 4 If then ye have judgments of things pertaining to this life , set them to judge who are least esteemed in the church .
3 : 1 To every thing there is a season , and a time to every purpose under the heaven : 3 : 2 A time to be born , and a time to die ; a time to plant , and a time to pluck up that which is planted ; 3 : 3 A time to kill , and a time to heal ; a time to break down , and a time to build up ; 3 : 4 A time to weep , and a time to laugh ; a time to mourn , and a time to dance ; 3 : 5 A time to cast away stones , and a time to gather stones together ; a time to embrace , and a time to refrain from embracing ; 3 : 6 A time to get , and a time to lose ; a time to keep , and a time to cast away ; 3 : 7 A time to rend , and a time to sew ; a time to keep silence , and a time to speak ; 3 : 8 A time to love , and a time to hate ; a time of war , and a time of peace .
Dashwood , " I believe you are perfectly right .
30 : 4 If any of thine be driven out unto the outmost parts of heaven , from thence will the LORD thy God gather thee , and from thence will he fetch thee : 30 : 5 And the LORD thy God will bring thee into the land which thy fathers possessed , and thou shalt possess it ; and he will do thee good , and multiply thee above thy fathers .
7 : 10 The sons also of Jediael ; Bilhan : and the sons of Bilhan ; Jeush , and Benjamin , and Ehud , and Chenaanah , and Zethan , and Tharshish , and Ahishahar .
My mother says the orchard was always famous in her younger days .
2 : 22 Flee also youthful lusts : but follow righteousness , faith , charity , peace , with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart .
10 : 17 And when he came to Samaria , he slew all that remained unto Ahab in Samaria , till he had destroyed him , according to the saying of the LORD , which he spake to Elijah .
2 : 9 Now therefore hold him not guiltless : for thou art a wise man , and knowest what thou oughtest to do unto him ; but his hoar head bring thou down to the grave with blood .
He had not left her long , by no means long enough for her to have the slightest inclination for thinking of any body else , when a letter was brought her from Randalls -- a very thick letter ;-- she guessed what it must contain , and deprecated the necessity of reading it .-- She was now in perfect charity with Frank Churchill ; she wanted no explanations , she wanted only to have her thoughts to herself -- and as for understanding any thing he wrote , she was sure she was incapable of it .-- It must be waded through , however .
And he said , As the LORD liveth , there shall not one hair of thy son fall to the earth .
It was a concert for the benefit of a person patronised by Lady Dalrymple .
43 : 22 And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats without blemish for a sin offering ; and they shall cleanse the altar , as they did cleanse it with the bullock .
In what distant deeps or skies Burnt the fire of thine eyes ?
34 : 25 And it came to pass on the third day , when they were sore , that two of the sons of Jacob , Simeon and Levi , Dinah ' s brethren , took each man his sword , and came upon the city boldly , and slew all the males .
I have found no cause of death in him : I will therefore chastise him , and let him go .
I did not see you before .
And immediately the cock crew .
3 : 8 Yea doubtless , and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord : for whom I have suffered the loss of all things , and do count them but dung , that I may win Christ , 3 : 9 And be found in him , not having mine own righteousness , which is of the law , but that which is through the faith of Christ , the righteousness which is of God by faith : 3 : 10 That I may know him , and the power of his resurrection , and the fellowship of his sufferings , being made conformable unto his death ; 3 : 11 If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead .
23 : 17 And when he came to him , behold , he stood by his burnt offering , and the princes of Moab with him .
It was after tea that Jane spoke to Mrs .
how is Babylon become an astonishment among the nations !
11 : 17 That which I speak , I speak it not after the Lord , but as it were foolishly , in this confidence of boasting .
89 : 33 Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him , nor suffer my faithfulness to fail .
107 : 22 And let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving , and declare his works with rejoicing .
3 : 10 For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse : for it is written , Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them .
7 : 12 Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies , but turned their backs before their enemies , because they were accursed : neither will I be with you any more , except ye destroy the accursed from among you .
Ashamed of being otherwise .
Every thing he did , was right .
63 : 10 They shall fall by the sword : they shall be a portion for foxes .
Elton , whose judgment never fails her , saw farther than I did .
And she called his name Moses : and she said , Because I drew him out of the water .
31 : 4 Of every tribe a thousand , throughout all the tribes of Israel , shall ye send to the war .
Next unto him repaired Hashabiah , the ruler of the half part of Keilah , in his part .
21 : 23 And the children of Benjamin did so , and took them wives , according to their number , of them that danced , whom they caught : and they went and returned unto their inheritance , and repaired the cities , and dwelt in them .
" There might be scruples of delicacy , my dear Emma .
38 : 4 Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth ?
10 : 10 By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all .
12 : 5 Dig thou through the wall in their sight , and carry out thereby .
And yet , a few minutes afterwards , she felt as if their being in company with each other , under their present circumstances , could only be exposing them to inadvertencies and misconstructions of the most mischievous kind . "
Behold , this is the law of the house .
It was a most delightful reanimation of exhausted spirits .
She had set out from Mrs .
5 : 8 They were as fed horses in the morning : every one neighed after his neighbour ' s wife .
Certain it was that she was to come ; and that Highbury , instead of welcoming that perfect novelty which had been so long promised it -- Mr .
4 : 12 Neither is there salvation in any other : for there is none other name under heaven given among men , whereby we must be saved .
22 : 19 He shall be buried with the burial of an ass , drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem .
She had been very fond of her husband : she had buried him .
88 : 17 They came round about me daily like water ; they compassed me about together .
40 : 42 And the four tables were of hewn stone for the burnt offering , of a cubit and an half long , and a cubit and an half broad , and one cubit high : whereupon also they laid the instruments wherewith they slew the burnt offering and the sacrifice .
17 : 14 And the children of Joseph spake unto Joshua , saying , Why hast thou given me but one lot and one portion to inherit , seeing I am a great people , forasmuch as the LORD hath blessed me hitherto ?
13 : 34 A new commandment I give unto you , That ye love one another ; as I have loved you , that ye also love one another .
5 : 15 And the princes of Issachar were with Deborah ; even Issachar , and also Barak : he was sent on foot into the valley .
9 : 16 The LORD is known by the judgment which he executeth : the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands .
It is a great change ; and though she is amazingly fortunate -- such a situation , I suppose , as no young woman before ever met with on first going out -- do not think us ungrateful , Miss Woodhouse , for such surprising good fortune --( again dispersing her tears )-- but , poor dear soul !
27 : 44 The thieves also , which were crucified with him , cast the same in his teeth .
Robert Martin , of Abbey - Mill Farm .
1 : 39 And he preached in their synagogues throughout all Galilee , and cast out devils .
But not a bit did Walter stir .
4 : 53 So the father knew that it was at the same hour , in the which Jesus said unto him , Thy son liveth : and himself believed , and his whole house .
5 : 6 And Seth lived an hundred and five years , and begat Enos : 5 : 7 And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years , and begat sons and daughters : 5 : 8 And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years : and he died .
3 : 20 And he shall send Jesus Christ , which before was preached unto you : 3 : 21 Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things , which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began .
It exactly answers my idea of a fine country , because it unites beauty with utility -- and I dare say it is a picturesque one too , because you admire it ; I can easily believe it to be full of rocks and promontories , grey moss and brush wood , but these are all lost on me .
19 : 16 Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified .
8 : 3 His left hand should be under my head , and his right hand should embrace me .
" Oh !
" There is hardly any personal defect ," replied Anne , " which an agreeable manner might not gradually reconcile one to ."
5 : 21 For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD , and he pondereth all his goings .
18 : 17 And the five men that went to spy out the land went up , and came in thither , and took the graven image , and the ephod , and the teraphim , and the molten image : and the priest stood in the entering of the gate with the six hundred men that were appointed with weapons of war .
It was a happy circumstance , and animated Mr .
27 : 47 Some of them that stood there , when they heard that , said , This man calleth for Elias .
44 : 19 And when we burned incense to the queen of heaven , and poured out drink offerings unto her , did we make her cakes to worship her , and pour out drink offerings unto her , without our men ?
89 : 52 Blessed be the LORD for evermore .
Anne mentioned the glimpses she had had of him at Lyme , but without being much attended to . "
I see they lay helpless & naked : weeping And none to answer , none to cherish thee with mothers smiles .
Surely there is no other tree that shines on so many happy faces !
7 : 1 After these things Jesus walked in Galilee : for he would not walk in Jewry , because the Jews sought to kill him .
8 : 13 For I mean not that other men be eased , and ye burdened : 8 : 14 But by an equality , that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want , that their abundance also may be a supply for your want : that there may be equality : 8 : 15 As it is written , He that had gathered much had nothing over ; and he that had gathered little had no lack .
and if it were so , why should not my spirit be troubled ?
He stays till to - morrow , and Miss Fairfax has been persuaded to spend the day with us .-- They are coming in , I hope ."
19 : 1 Moreover take thou up a lamentation for the princes of Israel , 19 : 2 And say , What is thy mother ?
said the hermit .
18 : 24 And David sat between the two gates : and the watchman went up to the roof over the gate unto the wall , and lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold a man running alone .
2 : 26 For God giveth to a man that is good in his sight wisdom , and knowledge , and joy : but to the sinner he giveth travail , to gather and to heap up , that he may give to him that is good before God .
1 : 17 For Christ sent me not to baptize , but to preach the gospel : not with wisdom of words , lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect .
Her eagerness to be gone from Norland was preserved from diminution by the evident satisfaction of her daughter - in - law in the prospect of her removal ; a satisfaction which was but feebly attempted to be concealed under a cold invitation to her to defer her departure .
For all things are your ' s ; 3 : 22 Whether Paul , or Apollos , or Cephas , or the world , or life , or death , or things present , or things to come ; all are your ' s ; 3 : 23 And ye are Christ ' s ; and Christ is God ' s .
39 : 6 And they wrought onyx stones inclosed in ouches of gold , graven , as signets are graven , with the names of the children of Israel .
He was not a great favourite with his fair sister - in - law .
2 : 3 Behold , I will corrupt your seed , and spread dung upon your faces , even the dung of your solemn feasts ; and one shall take you away with it .
She rather suspected it to be so , on the very first evening of their being together , from his listening so attentively while she sang to them ; and when the visit was returned by the Middletons ' dining at the cottage , the fact was ascertained by his listening to her again .
9 : 22 These words spake his parents , because they feared the Jews : for the Jews had agreed already , that if any man did confess that he was Christ , he should be put out of the synagogue .
106 : 29 Thus they provoked him to anger with their inventions : and the plague brake in upon them .
11 : 43 Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth , neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them , that ye should be defiled thereby .
7 : 13 Up , sanctify the people , and say , Sanctify yourselves against to morrow : for thus saith the LORD God of Israel , There is an accursed thing in the midst of thee , O Israel : thou canst not stand before thine enemies , until ye take away the accursed thing from among you .
14 : 11 And they took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah , and all their victuals , and went their way .
37 : 10 And he told it to his father , and to his brethren : and his father rebuked him , and said unto him , What is this dream that thou hast dreamed ?
37 : 3 And Zedekiah the king sent Jehucal the son of Shelemiah and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest to the prophet Jeremiah , saying , Pray now unto the LORD our God for us .
34 : 26 And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing ; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season ; there shall be showers of blessing .
From situation , Mrs Clay was , in Lady Russell ' s estimate , a very unequal , and in her character she believed a very dangerous companion ; and a removal that would leave Mrs Clay behind , and bring a choice of more suitable intimates within Miss Elliot ' s reach , was therefore an object of first - rate importance .
3 : 5 In Gibeon the LORD appeared to Solomon in a dream by night : and God said , Ask what I shall give thee .
Knightley looking ill ," turning her eyes with affectionate anxiety towards her husband . "
she is absolutely charming !
So the old Fox hid behind the wood - pile , and as soon as she bent down to get a stick , into the house he slipped , and scurried behind the door .
English verdure , English culture , English comfort , seen under a sun bright , without being oppressive .
And Ziba said unto the king , Behold , he is in the house of Machir , the son of Ammiel , in Lodebar .
said Marianne , as she wandered alone before the house , on the last evening of their being there ; " when shall I cease to regret you !-- when learn to feel a home elsewhere !-- Oh !
When they passed the church steeple she wanted to say , " What is that which shines ?"
And they were astonished with a great astonishment .
10 : 50 And he , casting away his garment , rose , and came to Jesus .
and whose are these before thee ?
16 : 14 For they are the spirits of devils , working miracles , which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world , to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty .
I say , Jane , what a perfect character you and I should make , if we could be shaken together .
He was rich , and being turned on shore , fully intended to settle as soon as he could be properly tempted ; actually looking round , ready to fall in love with all the speed which a clear head and a quick taste could allow .
7 : 18 Thou shalt not be afraid of them : but shalt well remember what the LORD thy God did unto Pharaoh , and unto all Egypt ; 7 : 19 The great temptations which thine eyes saw , and the signs , and the wonders , and the mighty hand , and the stretched out arm , whereby the LORD thy God brought thee out : so shall the LORD thy God do unto all the people of whom thou art afraid .
24 : 10 And all the princes and all the people rejoiced , and brought in , and cast into the chest , until they had made an end .
3 : 12 And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we do toward you : 3 : 13 To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God , even our Father , at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints .
is not he that sitteth at meat ?
" Your parish there was small ," said Jane . "
But between _us_ , I am convinced there never can be any likeness , except in being unmarried ."
Her sister , though comparatively but little removed by matrimony , being settled in London , only sixteen miles off , was much beyond her daily reach ; and many a long October and November evening must be struggled through at Hartfield , before Christmas brought the next visit from Isabella and her husband , and their little children , to fill the house , and give her pleasant society again .
Compressed into the very lowest vacant corner were these words --" I had not a spare moment on Tuesday , as you know , for Miss Woodhouse ' s beautiful little friend .
I see that more than a mere dutiful morning visit to your aunt was in question ; and woe betide him , and her too , when it comes to things of consequence , when they are placed in circumstances requiring fortitude and strength of mind , if she have not resolution enough to resist idle interference in such a trifle as this .
John Knightley too well -- I am very sure he understands the value of friendship as well as any body .
18 : 15 Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee , go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone : if he shall hear thee , thou hast gained thy brother .
24 : 27 But after two years Porcius Festus came into Felix ' room : and Felix , willing to shew the Jews a pleasure , left Paul bound .
47 : 3 And Pharaoh said unto his brethren , What is your occupation ?
8 : 17 And I will wait upon the LORD , that hideth his face from the house of Jacob , and I will look for him .
15 : 17 Better is a dinner of herbs where love is , than a stalled ox and hatred therewith .
The Song of Solomon 1 : 1 The song of songs , which is Solomon ' s .
She doted on him ."
109 : 26 Help me , O LORD my God : O save me according to thy mercy : 109 : 27 That they may know that this is thy hand ; that thou , LORD , hast done it .
23 : 4 Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me .
Except the Sucklings and Bragges , there is not such another nursery establishment , so liberal and elegant , in all Mrs .
He can sit down and write a fine flourishing letter , full of professions and falsehoods , and persuade himself that he has hit upon the very best method in the world of preserving peace at home and preventing his father ' s having any right to complain .
If we were all like you , I believe we might sit four .
4 : 4 And he shall bring the bullock unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD ; and shall lay his hand upon the bullock ' s head , and kill the bullock before the LORD .
I am more curious to know why he should be so different now ."
Woodhouse ' s account .
Weston was chatty and convivial , and no friend to early separations of any sort ; but at last the drawing - room party did receive an augmentation .
Her person was rather good ; her face not unpretty ; but neither feature , nor air , nor voice , nor manner , were elegant .
22 : 22 And they gave him audience unto this word , and then lifted up their voices , and said , Away with such a fellow from the earth : for it is not fit that he should live .
Perhaps she ought to be ashamed , but Mr .
You will find Margaret so improved when you come back again !
And they were scalded to death .
7 : 26 For she hath cast down many wounded : yea , many strong men have been slain by her .
" Almost this moment ."
1 : 4 Now therefore thus saith the LORD , Thou shalt not come down from that bed on which thou art gone up , but shalt surely die .
21 : 3 Now when we had discovered Cyprus , we left it on the left hand , and sailed into Syria , and landed at Tyre : for there the ship was to unlade her burden .
12 : 24 And the chief of the Levites : Hashabiah , Sherebiah , and Jeshua the son of Kadmiel , with their brethren over against them , to praise and to give thanks , according to the commandment of David the man of God , ward over against ward .
19 : 6 And Lot went out at the door unto them , and shut the door after him , 19 : 7 And said , I pray you , brethren , do not so wickedly .
5 : 1 And seeing the multitudes , he went up into a mountain : and when he was set , his disciples came unto him : 5 : 2 And he opened his mouth , and taught them , saying , 5 : 3 Blessed are the poor in spirit : for theirs is the kingdom of heaven .
20 : 25 And now , behold , I know that ye all , among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God , shall see my face no more .
21 : 5 And Abraham was an hundred years old , when his son Isaac was born unto him .
They were not much interested in anything relative to Anne ; but still there were questions enough asked , to make it understood what this old schoolfellow was ; and Elizabeth was disdainful , and Sir Walter severe . "
Now , if your friends have any gratitude , they will say something pretty loud about you and me in return ; but I cannot stay to hear it ."
52 : 7 How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings , that publisheth peace ; that bringeth good tidings of good , that publisheth salvation ; that saith unto Zion , Thy God reigneth !
12 : 17 And the elders of his house arose , and went to him , to raise him up from the earth : but he would not , neither did he eat bread with them .
Knightley ."
7 : 1 Now it came to pass , when the wall was built , and I had set up the doors , and the porters and the singers and the Levites were appointed , 7 : 2 That I gave my brother Hanani , and Hananiah the ruler of the palace , charge over Jerusalem : for he was a faithful man , and feared God above many .
1 : 28 And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together , and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed .
24 : 22 And they shall be gathered together , as prisoners are gathered in the pit , and shall be shut up in the prison , and after many days shall they be visited .
And they came , and filled both the ships , so that they began to sink .
16 : 58 Thou hast borne thy lewdness and thine abominations , saith the LORD .
CHAPTER IX Emma ' s pensive meditations , as she walked home , were not interrupted ; but on entering the parlour , she found those who must rouse her .
" Ah , Zelia , see what you have done !"
14 : 20 And the LORD said , I have pardoned according to thy word : 14 : 21 But as truly as I live , all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the LORD .
22 : 20 And it shall come to pass in that day , that I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah : 22 : 21 And I will clothe him with thy robe , and strengthen him with thy girdle , and I will commit thy government into his hand : and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , and to the house of Judah .
I would not say so to every body , Mrs .
11 : 6 For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land , saith the LORD : but , lo , I will deliver the men every one into his neighbour ' s hand , and into the hand of his king : and they shall smite the land , and out of their hand I will not deliver them .
33 : 15 In a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falleth upon men , in slumberings upon the bed ; 33 : 16 Then he openeth the ears of men , and sealeth their instruction , 33 : 17 That he may withdraw man from his purpose , and hide pride from man .
They ought to be setting off for Uppercross by one , and in the mean while were to be all together , and out of doors as long as they could .
Otway , and Miss Otway and Miss Caroline .-- Such a host of friends !-- and Mr .
10 : 17 He is in the way of life that keepeth instruction : but he that refuseth reproof erreth .
I should not have used the expression .
Then said they to him , We be not born of fornication ; we have one Father , even God .
And Absalom passed over Jordan , he and all the men of Israel with him .
11 : 18 For John came neither eating nor drinking , and they say , He hath a devil .
If dancing formed the amusement of the night , they were partners for half the time ; and when obliged to separate for a couple of dances , were careful to stand together and scarcely spoke a word to any body else .
She is a relation of the Colonel ' s , my dear ; a very near relation .
And what ," said Mrs .
3 : 13 Brethren , I count not myself to have apprehended : but this one thing I do , forgetting those things which are behind , and reaching forth unto those things which are before , 3 : 14 I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus .
40 : 35 And he brought me to the north gate , and measured it according to these measures ; 40 : 36 The little chambers thereof , the posts thereof , and the arches thereof , and the windows to it round about : the length was fifty cubits , and the breadth five and twenty cubits .
Be not deceived : neither fornicators , nor idolaters , nor adulterers , nor effeminate , nor abusers of themselves with mankind , 6 : 10 Nor thieves , nor covetous , nor drunkards , nor revilers , nor extortioners , shall inherit the kingdom of God .
His royal robes were upon him once more ; he wore his crown and his royal ring .
7 : 7 And the sons of Bela ; Ezbon , and Uzzi , and Uzziel , and Jerimoth , and Iri , five ; heads of the house of their fathers , mighty men of valour ; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four .
in a tone that implied --" do you really think him selfish ?"
3 : 11 For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning , that we should love one another .
Weston ' s on the subject , as much as possible .
The stupidest fellow !
" Oh !
104 : 12 By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation , which sing among the branches .
20 : 18 And if a man shall lie with a woman having her sickness , and shall uncover her nakedness ; he hath discovered her fountain , and she hath uncovered the fountain of her blood : and both of them shall be cut off from among their people .
51 : 1 Have mercy upon me , O God , according to thy lovingkindness : according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies blot out my transgressions .
Cast out the bondwoman and her son : for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman .
CHAPTER 2 Mrs .
51 : 19 Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness , with burnt offering and whole burnt offering : then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar .
31 : 31 Give her of the fruit of her hands ; and let her own works praise her in the gates .
27 : 31 And he also had made savoury meat , and brought it unto his father , and said unto his father , Let my father arise , and eat of his son ' s venison , that thy soul may bless me .
Come , we ' ll run on a bit !"
11 : 25 After the same manner also he took the cup , when he had supped , saying , This cup is the new testament in my blood : this do ye , as oft as ye drink it , in remembrance of me .
Emma ' s courage returned , and she walked on . "
Indeed , the truth was , that poor dear Jane could not bear to see any body -- any body at all -- Mrs .
9 : 16 And he brought the burnt offering , and offered it according to the manner .
22 : 21 Yea , I will gather you , and blow upon you in the fire of my wrath , and ye shall be melted in the midst therof .
Next week ?
3 : 1 For , behold , in those days , and in that time , when I shall bring again the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem , 3 : 2 I will also gather all nations , and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat , and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel , whom they have scattered among the nations , and parted my land .
1 : 14 I have seen all the works that are done under the sun ; and , behold , all is vanity and vexation of spirit .
Provide things honest in the sight of all men .
39 : 28 She dwelleth and abideth on the rock , upon the crag of the rock , and the strong place .
1 : 17 And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth , 1 : 18 And to rule over the day and over the night , and to divide the light from the darkness : and God saw that it was good .
Knightley , what a delightful party last night ; how extremely pleasant .-- Did you ever see such dancing ?-- Was not it delightful ?-- Miss Woodhouse and Mr .
2 : 24 There is nothing better for a man , than that he should eat and drink , and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labour .
29 : 11 And Jacob kissed Rachel , and lifted up his voice , and wept .
5 : 10 I likewise , and my brethren , and my servants , might exact of them money and corn : I pray you , let us leave off this usury .
2 : 28 The men of Bethel and Ai , two hundred twenty and three .
10 : 19 Having therefore , brethren , boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus , 10 : 20 By a new and living way , which he hath consecrated for us , through the veil , that is to say , his flesh ; 10 : 21 And having an high priest over the house of God ; 10 : 22 Let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith , having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience , and our bodies washed with pure water .
11 : 11 And it was broken in that day : and so the poor of the flock that waited upon me knew that it was the word of the LORD .
31 : 3 Give not thy strength unto women , nor thy ways to that which destroyeth kings .
14 : 41 And he cometh the third time , and saith unto them , Sleep on now , and take your rest : it is enough , the hour is come ; behold , the Son of man is betrayed into the hands of sinners .
6 : 5 Turn away thine eyes from me , for they have overcome me : thy hair is as a flock of goats that appear from Gilead .
8 : 33 And ye shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation in seven days , until the days of your consecration be at an end : for seven days shall he consecrate you .
24 : 8 Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem three months .
( that is , to bring up Christ again from the dead .)
17 : 14 For it is the life of all flesh ; the blood of it is for the life thereof : therefore I said unto the children of Israel , Ye shall eat the blood of no manner of flesh : for the life of all flesh is the blood thereof : whosoever eateth it shall be cut off .
28 : 25 And in every several city of Judah he made high places to burn incense unto other gods , and provoked to anger the LORD God of his fathers .
Thus Judah was carried away captive out of his own land .
33 : 7 And he set a carved image , the idol which he had made , in the house of God , of which God had said to David and to Solomon his son , In this house , and in Jerusalem , which I have chosen before all the tribes of Israel , will I put my name for ever : 33 : 8 Neither will I any more remove the foot of Israel from out of the land which I have appointed for your fathers ; so that they will take heed to do all that I have commanded them , according to the whole law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of Moses .
Oh !
I see no advantage in consulting Miss Bates ."
remember also that I am your bone and your flesh .
said the prince , crossly .
Serious she was , very serious in her thankfulness , and in her resolutions ; and yet there was no preventing a laugh , sometimes in the very midst of them .
14 : 19 Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace , and things wherewith one may edify another .
39 : 6 Surely every man walketh in a vain shew : surely they are disquieted in vain : he heapeth up riches , and knoweth not who shall gather them .
I suppose you have seen ploughs , but Margery never had , and she watched with great interest , while the man and her father took the plough from the cart and harnessed the horses to it .
5 : 15 Neither do men light a candle , and put it under a bushel , but on a candlestick ; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house .
16 : 22 When a few years are come , then I shall go the way whence I shall not return .
Dashwood was prevailed on to accept the use of his carriage on her journey back , for the better accommodation of her sick child ; and the Colonel , at the joint invitation of Mrs .
7 : 21 Jesus answered and said unto them , I have done one work , and ye all marvel .
Her father took a handful of peas , and , stooping , walked slowly along the line , letting the seed trickle through his fingers .
I think your manners to him encouraging .
Whenever I looked towards the past , I saw some duty neglected , or some failing indulged .
7 : 15 Therefore came I forth to meet thee , diligently to seek thy face , and I have found thee .
10 : 33 But a certain Samaritan , as he journeyed , came where he was : and when he saw him , he had compassion on him , 10 : 34 And went to him , and bound up his wounds , pouring in oil and wine , and set him on his own beast , and brought him to an inn , and took care of him .
12 : 42 Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him ; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him , lest they should be put out of the synagogue : 12 : 43 For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God .
46 : 30 And Israel said unto Joseph , Now let me die , since I have seen thy face , because thou art yet alive .
6 : 16 Now therefore , O LORD God of Israel , keep with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him , saying , There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit upon the throne of Israel ; yet so that thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law , as thou hast walked before me .
24 : 26 Wherefore if they shall say unto you , Behold , he is in the desert ; go not forth : behold , he is in the secret chambers ; believe it not .
65 : 21 And they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
His mother is perfectly right not to be in a hurry .
And then , when the Philistine arose , and came , and drew nigh to meet David , David made haste and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine .
9 : 30 And when Zebul the ruler of the city heard the words of Gaal the son of Ebed , his anger was kindled .
A superior performer !-- very far from it , I assure you .
What a thinking brain you have !
12 : 1 Now concerning spiritual gifts , brethren , I would not have you ignorant .
Could she have chosen with whom to associate , she would not have chosen her .
47 : 7 And thou saidst , I shall be a lady for ever : so that thou didst not lay these things to thy heart , neither didst remember the latter end of it .
no , no , no -- how can you suspect me of such a thing ?
But it is impossible not to feel uneasiness .
20 : 10 And Paul went down , and fell on him , and embracing him said , Trouble not yourselves ; for his life is in him .
18 : 29 And he said unto them , Verily I say unto you , There is no man that hath left house , or parents , or brethren , or wife , or children , for the kingdom of God ' s sake , 18 : 30 Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time , and in the world to come life everlasting .
9 : 26 Only in the land of Goshen , where the children of Israel were , was there no hail .
He was five years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezreel , and his nurse took him up , and fled : and it came to pass , as she made haste to flee , that he fell , and became lame .
32 : 24 Build you cities for your little ones , and folds for your sheep ; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth .
It ' s the Rain and the Sun , the Rain and the Sun ," said two little voices , together , " and we want to come in !
12 : 7 I have forsaken mine house , I have left mine heritage ; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies .
Then the little Gingerbread Boy ran faster than ever .
And extremely acceptable it is , for we must live at a great expense while we are here ."
Now he was riding upon his ass , and his two servants were with him .
21 : 14 And Benjamin came again at that time ; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of Jabeshgilead : and yet so they sufficed them not .
12 : 14 And it came to pass , that , when Abram was come into Egypt , the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair .
92 : 14 They shall still bring forth fruit in old age ; they shall be fat and flourishing ; 92 : 15 To shew that the LORD is upright : he is my rock , and there is no unrighteousness in him .
25 : 37 Then shall the righteous answer him , saying , Lord , when saw we thee an hungred , and fed thee ?
So acutely did Mrs .
27 : 6 And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me : therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy ; I will sing , yea , I will sing praises unto the LORD .
17 : 20 And Jesus said unto them , Because of your unbelief : for verily I say unto you , If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed , ye shall say unto this mountain , Remove hence to yonder place ; and it shall remove ; and nothing shall be impossible unto you .
26 : 10 And Abimelech said , What is this thou hast done unto us ?
This is full proof undoubtedly ; proof of every thing you were saying .
How I do wish I knew what you were at !
Perry !
52 : 13 Behold , my servant shall deal prudently , he shall be exalted and extolled , and be very high .
28 : 19 Moreover the LORD will also deliver Israel with thee into the hand of the Philistines : and to morrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me : the LORD also shall deliver the host of Israel into the hand of the Philistines .
At the end of that period , Lady Russell ' s politeness could repose no longer , and the fainter self - threatenings of the past became in a decided tone , " I must call on Mrs Croft ; I really must call upon her soon .
The word was _blunder_ ; and as Harriet exultingly proclaimed it , there was a blush on Jane ' s cheek which gave it a meaning not otherwise ostensible .
12 : 22 Philip cometh and telleth Andrew : and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus .
18 : 35 And it came to pass , that as he was come nigh unto Jericho , a certain blind man sat by the way side begging : 18 : 36 And hearing the multitude pass by , he asked what it meant .
1 : 30 But of him are ye in Christ Jesus , who of God is made unto us wisdom , and righteousness , and sanctification , and redemption : 1 : 31 That , according as it is written , He that glorieth , let him glory in the Lord .
And he made an hundred basons of gold .
18 : 16 And he drave them from the judgment seat .
He taketh away the first , that he may establish the second .
" I see no probability in it , unless you have any better foundation than what you mention .
" This is very kind of Anne ," was her husband ' s answer , " and I should be very glad to have you go ; but it seems rather hard that she should be left at home by herself , to nurse our sick child ."
They were now able to speak to each other and consult .
where is he that hath taken venison , and brought it me , and I have eaten of all before thou camest , and have blessed him ?
John Knightley .
32 : 22 For I know not to give flattering titles ; in so doing my maker would soon take me away .
She was born to overcome an affection formed so late in life as at seventeen , and with no sentiment superior to strong esteem and lively friendship , voluntarily to give her hand to another !-- and THAT other , a man who had suffered no less than herself under the event of a former attachment , whom , two years before , she had considered too old to be married ,-- and who still sought the constitutional safeguard of a flannel waistcoat !
21 : 10 And the congregation sent thither twelve thousand men of the valiantest , and commanded them , saying , Go and smite the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead with the edge of the sword , with the women and the children .
40 : 17 He moveth his tail like a cedar : the sinews of his stones are wrapped together .
8 : 4 Unto you , O men , I call ; and my voice is to the sons of man .
Woodhouse , a vast deal of chat , and backgammon .-- Tea was made downstairs , biscuits and baked apples and wine before she came away : amazing luck in some of her throws : and she inquired a great deal about you , how you were amused , and who were your partners .
49 : 23 And kings shall be thy nursing fathers , and their queens thy nursing mothers : they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth , and lick up the dust of thy feet ; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD : for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me .
15 : 28 And when all things shall be subdued unto him , then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him , that God may be all in all .
4 : 1 Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said , 4 : 2 If we assay to commune with thee , wilt thou be grieved ?
17 : 49 And David put his hand in his bag , and took thence a stone , and slang it , and smote the Philistine in his forehead , that the stone sunk into his forehead ; and he fell upon his face to the earth .
2 : 19 Is the seed yet in the barn ?
Cole ' s should be finished there -- that the same party should be collected , and the same musician engaged , met with the readiest acquiescence .
21 : 4 And Ahab came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which Naboth the Jezreelite had spoken to him : for he had said , I will not give thee the inheritance of my fathers .
35 : 7 And the parched ground shall become a pool , and the thirsty land springs of water : in the habitation of dragons , where each lay , shall be grass with reeds and rushes .
1 : 3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead , 1 : 4 To an inheritance incorruptible , and undefiled , and that fadeth not away , reserved in heaven for you , 1 : 5 Who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time .
10 : 29 Howbeit from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin , Jehu departed not from after them , to wit , the golden calves that were in Bethel , and that were in Dan .
That was what I said immediately .-- I was most uncommonly shocked , indeed !-- Poor Edward !-- he has done for himself completely -- shut himself out for ever from all decent society !-- but , as I directly said to my mother , I am not in the least surprised at it ; from his style of education , it was always to be expected .
" I felt my luck , Admiral , I assure you ;" replied Captain Wentworth , seriously . "
27 : 32 And concerning the tithe of the herd , or of the flock , even of whatsoever passeth under the rod , the tenth shall be holy unto the LORD .
They attempted , therefore , likewise , to excuse themselves ; the weather was uncertain , and not likely to be good .
12 : 23 Moreover as for me , God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you : but I will teach you the good and the right way : 12 : 24 Only fear the LORD , and serve him in truth with all your heart : for consider how great things he hath done for you .
It is just what I used to say to a certain gentleman in company in the days of courtship , when , because things did not go quite right , did not proceed with all the rapidity which suited his feelings , he was apt to be in despair , and exclaim that he was sure at this rate it would be _May_ before Hymen ' s saffron robe would be put on for us .
yes , extremely well ; that is , I do not believe many people are acquainted with him , because Combe Magna is so far off ; but they all think him extremely agreeable I assure you .
" No , I thank you .
I shall not attempt calling on Mrs .
9 : 28 Then they reviled him , and said , Thou art his disciple ; but we are Moses ' disciples .
13 : 17 But woe to them that are with child , and to them that give suck in those days !
15 : 27 And whosoever toucheth those things shall be unclean , and shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
18 : 18 And David said unto Saul , Who am I ?
And David said , Whither shall I go up ?
And it was so .
15 : 13 And also Maachah his mother , even her he removed from being queen , because she had made an idol in a grove ; and Asa destroyed her idol , and burnt it by the brook Kidron .
" Oh !
49 : 39 But it shall come to pass in the latter days , that I will bring again the captivity of Elam , saith the LORD .
34 : 20 But the firstling of an ass thou shalt redeem with a lamb : and if thou redeem him not , then shalt thou break his neck .
41 : 8 Lay thine hand upon him , remember the battle , do no more .
10 : 5 And he said unto them , Come again unto me after three days .
5 : 18 Let thy fountain be blessed : and rejoice with the wife of thy youth .
The City Mouse just whispered , " Sh !"
35 : 16 And they journeyed from Bethel ; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath : and Rachel travailed , and she had hard labour .
29 : 7 When they took hold of thee by thy hand , thou didst break , and rend all their shoulder : and when they leaned upon thee , thou brakest , and madest all their loins to be at a stand .
41 : 34 Let Pharaoh do this , and let him appoint officers over the land , and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years .
140 : 10 Let burning coals fall upon them : let them be cast into the fire ; into deep pits , that they rise not up again .
147 : 18 He sendeth out his word , and melteth them : he causeth his wind to blow , and the waters flow .
` Oh !'
One would fancy we were bosom friends !
14 : 3 All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim , which is the salt sea .
Jennings ' s side , and in laughter without cause on Mrs .
Where shall we go ?"
But be it sweetness or be it stupidity in her -- quickness of friendship , or dulness of feeling -- there was one person , I think , who must have felt it : Miss Fairfax herself .
they die , even without wisdom .
1 : 13 Therefore their goods shall become a booty , and their houses a desolation : they shall also build houses , but not inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , but not drink the wine thereof .
27 : 14 The eleventh captain for the eleventh month was Benaiah the Pirathonite , of the children of Ephraim : and in his course were twenty and four thousand .
2 : 14 Then I went on to the gate of the fountain , and to the king ' s pool : but there was no place for the beast that was under me to pass .
18 : 23 Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith : neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto : it is confusion .
This is an ordinance for ever to Israel .
what would Frank Churchill say to her , if he were here ?
31 : 54 And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of the captains of thousands and of hundreds , and brought it into the tabernacle of the congregation , for a memorial for the children of Israel before the LORD .
Then , if you please , you shall send it all to Mrs .
4 : 19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus .
He had ridden home through the rain ; and had walked up directly after dinner , to see how this sweetest and best of all creatures , faultless in spite of all her faults , bore the discovery .
18 : 27 And Moses let his father in law depart ; and he went his way into his own land .
35 : 15 And the singers the sons of Asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of David , and Asaph , and Heman , and Jeduthun the king ' s seer ; and the porters waited at every gate ; they might not depart from their service ; for their brethren the Levites prepared for them .
5 : 4 And all the elders of Israel came ; and the Levites took up the ark .
A sick chamber may often furnish the worth of volumes ."
2 : 3 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; Behold , against this family do I devise an evil , from which ye shall not remove your necks ; neither shall ye go haughtily : for this time is evil .
I am not prejudiced ."
25 : 3 Is there any number of his armies ?
Oh !
17 : 16 They shall go down to the bars of the pit , when our rest together is in the dust .
Elton . "
3 : 11 And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John , all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is called Solomon ' s , greatly wondering .
All that remained to be done was to be speedy ; and , therefore staying only till she could leave Mrs .
They were come too late in the year for any amusement or variety which Lyme , as a public place , might offer .
66 : 1 Make a joyful noise unto God , all ye lands : 66 : 2 Sing forth the honour of his name : make his praise glorious .
for I know gentlemen do not like morning visits , and Mr .
" Only four - and - twenty .
9 : 23 And all the kings of the earth sought the presence of Solomon , to hear his wisdom , that God had put in his heart .
12 : 25 And Barnabas and Saul returned from Jerusalem , when they had fulfilled their ministry , and took with them John , whose surname was Mark .
Now therefore , O God , strengthen my hands .
and Miss Bates returned the visit .
He ordered his soldiers to kill every boy baby that should be born in an Israelitish family ; he did not care about the girls , because they could not grow up to fight .
6 : 3 And one said , Be content , I pray thee , and go with thy servants .
" Yes ," replied Harriet modestly , but not fearfully --" I must say that I have ."
5 : 17 For this our heart is faint ; for these things our eyes are dim .
103 : 11 For as the heaven is high above the earth , so great is his mercy toward them that fear him .
6 : 11 For , behold , the LORD commandeth , and he will smite the great house with breaches , and the little house with clefts .
And the king of Israel said unto him , Nay : for the LORD hath called these three kings together , to deliver them into the hand of Moab .
6 : 12 And the fire upon the altar shall be burning in it ; it shall not be put out : and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning , and lay the burnt offering in order upon it ; and he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offerings .
1 : 19 So they two went until they came to Bethlehem .
Whatever they may have been , however , she may now , and hereafter doubtless WILL turn with gratitude towards her own condition , when she compares it with that of my poor Eliza , when she considers the wretched and hopeless situation of this poor girl , and pictures her to herself , with an affection for him so strong , still as strong as her own , and with a mind tormented by self - reproach , which must attend her through life .
They were all at her disposal .
40 : 23 Behold , he drinketh up a river , and hasteth not : he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth .
102 : 25 Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth : and the heavens are the work of thy hands .
So David went on his way , and Saul returned to his place .
51 : 8 Make me to hear joy and gladness ; that the bones which thou hast broken may rejoice .
6 : 14 And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together ; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places .
2 : 10 Therefore I endure all things for the elect ' s sakes , that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory .
7 : 4 And the LORD said unto Gideon , The people are yet too many ; bring them down unto the water , and I will try them for thee there : and it shall be , that of whom I say unto thee , This shall go with thee , the same shall go with thee ; and of whomsoever I say unto thee , This shall not go with thee , the same shall not go .
These were the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers .
But I ' ll just tell you one thing , Epaminondas !
1 : 20 Then Job arose , and rent his mantle , and shaved his head , and fell down upon the ground , and worshipped , 1 : 21 And said , Naked came I out of my mother ' s womb , and naked shall I return thither : the LORD gave , and the LORD hath taken away ; blessed be the name of the LORD .
12 : 8 The wicked walk on every side , when the vilest men are exalted .
3 : 16 When I heard , my belly trembled ; my lips quivered at the voice : rottenness entered into my bones , and I trembled in myself , that I might rest in the day of trouble : when he cometh up unto the people , he will invade them with his troops .
7 : 24 The children of Hariph , an hundred and twelve .
He never can bear to be thanked .
My courtiers are much pleased now ," said the prince to Herr Grupello ; " they think the statue much improved by the changes you have made ."
13 : 6 So Amnon lay down , and made himself sick : and when the king was come to see him , Amnon said unto the king , I pray thee , let Tamar my sister come , and make me a couple of cakes in my sight , that I may eat at her hand .
17 : 10 They are inclosed in their own fat : with their mouth they speak proudly .
5 : 11 Wherefore , as I live , saith the Lord GOD ; Surely , because thou hast defiled my sanctuary with all thy detestable things , and with all thine abominations , therefore will I also diminish thee ; neither shall mine eye spare , neither will I have any pity .
20 : 5 And the men of Gibeah rose against me , and beset the house round about upon me by night , and thought to have slain me : and my concubine have they forced , that she is dead .
8 : 5 Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing : and a wise man ' s heart discerneth both time and judgment .
5 : 21 Neither shalt thou desire thy neighbour ' s wife , neither shalt thou covet thy neighbour ' s house , his field , or his manservant , or his maidservant , his ox , or his ass , or any thing that is thy neighbour ' s .
10 : 39 And we are witnesses of all things which he did both in the land of the Jews , and in Jerusalem ; whom they slew and hanged on a tree : 10 : 40 Him God raised up the third day , and shewed him openly ; 10 : 41 Not to all the people , but unto witnesses chosen before God , even to us , who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead .
2 : 34 Thou sawest till that a stone was cut out without hands , which smote the image upon his feet that were of iron and clay , and brake them to pieces .
119 : 47 And I will delight myself in thy commandments , which I have loved .
25 : 25 But when I found that he had committed nothing worthy of death , and that he himself hath appealed to Augustus , I have determined to send him .
101 : 1 I will sing of mercy and judgment : unto thee , O LORD , will I sing .
4 : 13 The cloke that I left at Troas with Carpus , when thou comest , bring with thee , and the books , but especially the parchments .
John Dashwood -- THAT must be recommendation enough to her husband ."
20 : 26 And ye shall be holy unto me : for I the LORD am holy , and have severed you from other people , that ye should be mine .
8 : 3 And Solomon went to Hamathzobah , and prevailed against it .
Knightley promises to give up his claim this Christmas -- though you know it is longer since they were with him , than with us ."
When they saw the Little Fir Tree they cried out ,-- " We ' ll take this one ; it is just little enough !"
49 : 32 The purchase of the field and of the cave that is therein was from the children of Heth .
32 : 5 And I will lay thy flesh upon the mountains , and fill the valleys with thy height .
40 : 4 Every valley shall be exalted , and every mountain and hill shall be made low : and the crooked shall be made straight , and the rough places plain : 40 : 5 And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed , and all flesh shall see it together : for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it .
Do not rich men oppress you , and draw you before the judgment seats ?
Dashwood was too much astonished to speak , and another pause succeeded .
16 : 19 And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone , they caught Paul and Silas , and drew them into the marketplace unto the rulers , 16 : 20 And brought them to the magistrates , saying , These men , being Jews , do exceedingly trouble our city , 16 : 21 And teach customs , which are not lawful for us to receive , neither to observe , being Romans .
50 : 16 And they sent a messenger unto Joseph , saying , Thy father did command before he died , saying , 50 : 17 So shall ye say unto Joseph , Forgive , I pray thee now , the trespass of thy brethren , and their sin ; for they did unto thee evil : and now , we pray thee , forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father .
6 : 5 Therefore have I hewed them by the prophets ; I have slain them by the words of my mouth : and thy judgments are as the light that goeth forth .
It is as pretty a letter as ever I saw , and does Lucy ' s head and heart great credit ."
44 : 21 Remember these , O Jacob and Israel ; for thou art my servant : I have formed thee ; thou art my servant : O Israel , thou shalt not be forgotten of me .
35 : 31 Moreover ye shall take no satisfaction for the life of a murderer , which is guilty of death : but he shall be surely put to death .
15 : 14 But the high places were not removed : nevertheless Asa ' s heart was perfect with the LORD all his days .
Ferrars is married ."
2 : 16 For verily he took not on him the nature of angels ; but he took on him the seed of Abraham .
9 : 18 Wisdom is better than weapons of war : but one sinner destroyeth much good .
But it is even so .
14 : 3 And take with thee ten loaves , and cracknels , and a cruse of honey , and go to him : he shall tell thee what shall become of the child .
9 : 2 All things come alike to all : there is one event to the righteous , and to the wicked ; to the good and to the clean , and to the unclean ; to him that sacrificeth , and to him that sacrificeth not : as is the good , so is the sinner ; and he that sweareth , as he that feareth an oath .
126 : 4 Turn again our captivity , O LORD , as the streams in the south .
And why it scatters its bright beauty thro the humid air .
She understood it all ; and as far as her mind could disengage itself from the injustice and selfishness of angry feelings , she acknowledged that Jane Fairfax would have neither elevation nor happiness beyond her desert .
14 : 7 For every one of the house of Israel , or of the stranger that sojourneth in Israel , which separateth himself from me , and setteth up his idols in his heart , and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face , and cometh to a prophet to enquire of him concerning me ; I the LORD will answer him by myself : 14 : 8 And I will set my face against that man , and will make him a sign and a proverb , and I will cut him off from the midst of my people ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
51 : 7 Babylon hath been a golden cup in the LORD ' s hand , that made all the earth drunken : the nations have drunken of her wine ; therefore the nations are mad .
36 : 19 Will he esteem thy riches ?
She longed for the serenity they might gradually introduce ; and on Mr .
4 : 4 Stand in awe , and sin not : commune with your own heart upon your bed , and be still .
15 : 22 And they bring him unto the place Golgotha , which is , being interpreted , The place of a skull .
At one time Patty came to say she thought the kitchen chimney wanted sweeping .
-- Bad enough as it is , for I absolutely neglect them both to an unpardonable degree .-- I believe I have not played a bar this fortnight .-- However , he is coming , I assure you : yes , indeed , on purpose to wait on you all ."
In short , I do not mean to reflect upon the behaviour of any person whom you have a regard for , Mrs .
Happy creature !
And when the Jews laid wait for him , as he was about to sail into Syria , he purposed to return through Macedonia .
28 : 65 And among these nations shalt thou find no ease , neither shall the sole of thy foot have rest : but the LORD shall give thee there a trembling heart , and failing of eyes , and sorrow of mind : 28 : 66 And thy life shall hang in doubt before thee ; and thou shalt fear day and night , and shalt have none assurance of thy life : 28 : 67 In the morning thou shalt say , Would God it were even !
15 : 19 But God clave an hollow place that was in the jaw , and there came water thereout ; and when he had drunk , his spirit came again , and he revived : wherefore he called the name thereof Enhakkore , which is in Lehi unto this day .
36 : 5 And Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of the LORD , saying , The tribe of the sons of Joseph hath said well .
41 : 26 And there were narrow windows and palm trees on the one side and on the other side , on the sides of the porch , and upon the side chambers of the house , and thick planks .
28 : 44 He shall lend to thee , and thou shalt not lend to him : he shall be the head , and thou shalt be the tail .
Harriet seemed ready to worship her friend for a sentence so satisfactory ; and Emma was only saved from raptures and fondness , which at that moment would have been dreadful penance , by the sound of her father ' s footsteps .
Perhaps he wanted to speak to her , of his attachment to Harriet ; he might be watching for encouragement to begin .-- She did not , could not , feel equal to lead the way to any such subject .
15 : 2 Sixteen years old was he when he began to reign , and he reigned two and fifty years in Jerusalem .
9 : 27 God shall enlarge Japheth , and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem ; and Canaan shall be his servant .
24 : 2 And Moses alone shall come near the LORD : but they shall not come nigh ; neither shall the people go up with him .
66 : 24 And they shall go forth , and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh .
3 : 1 And when the seventh month was come , and the children of Israel were in the cities , the people gathered themselves together as one man to Jerusalem .
Why , to own the truth ," cried Miss Bates , who had been trying in vain to be heard the last two minutes , " if I must speak on this subject , there is no denying that Mr .
And all the people said , Amen , and praised the LORD .
" Yes ; my father is to join me here : we shall walk back together , and I must be off immediately .
Now , however , his good - natured , honest , stupid soul , full of indignation against me , and concern for your sister , could not resist the temptation of telling me what he knew ought to -- though probably he did not think it WOULD -- vex me horridly .
Her manners were attaching , and soon banished his reserve .
Then she wrinkled her forehead . "
They were so deserving , that a _little_ higher should have been enough : but as it was , how could she have done otherwise ?-- Impossible !-- She could not repent .
18 : 5 They answered him , Jesus of Nazareth .
107 : 21 Oh that men would praise the LORD for his goodness , and for his wonderful works to the children of men !
19 : 14 And Hezekiah received the letter of the hand of the messengers , and read it : and Hezekiah went up into the house of the LORD , and spread it before the LORD .
I do not think it will ," stopping to look once more at all the outward wretchedness of the place , and recall the still greater within . "
18 : 35 Pilate answered , Am I a Jew ?
He walked off to find his father , but was quickly back again with both Mr .
Oh , Elinor !"
With Tuesday came the agreeable prospect of seeing him again , and for a longer time than hitherto ; of judging of his general manners , and by inference , of the meaning of his manners towards herself ; of guessing how soon it might be necessary for her to throw coldness into her air ; and of fancying what the observations of all those might be , who were now seeing them together for the first time .
16 : 10 Neither the seven loaves of the four thousand , and how many baskets ye took up ?
14 : 15 And it came to pass on the seventh day , that they said unto Samson ' s wife , Entice thy husband , that he may declare unto us the riddle , lest we burn thee and thy father ' s house with fire : have ye called us to take that we have ?
32 : 30 For the children of Israel and the children of Judah have only done evil before me from their youth : for the children of Israel have only provoked me to anger with the work of their hands , saith the LORD .
2 : 1 And he said unto me , Son of man , stand upon thy feet , and I will speak unto thee .
Woodhouse , in his quiet way . "
9 : 43 And they were all amazed at the mighty power of God .
I have valued myself on honourable toils and just rewards .
After a moment ' s pause , Captain Wentworth said -- " Do you mean that she refused him ?"
28 : 5 And when Saul saw the host of the Philistines , he was afraid , and his heart greatly trembled .
23 : 7 And he took up his parable , and said , Balak the king of Moab hath brought me from Aram , out of the mountains of the east , saying , Come , curse me Jacob , and come , defy Israel .
37 : 25 I have been young , and now am old ; yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken , nor his seed begging bread .
41 : 12 I will not conceal his parts , nor his power , nor his comely proportion .
2 : 25 Withhold thy foot from being unshod , and thy throat from thirst : but thou saidst , There is no hope : no ; for I have loved strangers , and after them will I go .
The Tirshatha gave to the treasure a thousand drams of gold , fifty basons , five hundred and thirty priests ' garments .
My feelings are at present in a state of dreadful indecision ; I wish to acquit you , but certainty on either side will be ease to what I now suffer .
45 : 1 Thus saith the LORD to his anointed , to Cyrus , whose right hand I have holden , to subdue nations before him ; and I will loose the loins of kings , to open before him the two leaved gates ; and the gates shall not be shut ; 45 : 2 I will go before thee , and make the crooked places straight : I will break in pieces the gates of brass , and cut in sunder the bars of iron : 45 : 3 And I will give thee the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that thou mayest know that I , the LORD , which call thee by thy name , am the God of Israel .
Art thou a Worm ?
98 : 6 With trumpets and sound of cornet make a joyful noise before the LORD , the King .
7 : 24 That which is far off , and exceeding deep , who can find it out ?
Jane declined it , however , and the husband and wife walked off . "
And when he was now not far from the house , the centurion sent friends to him , saying unto him , Lord , trouble not thyself : for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof : 7 : 7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee : but say in a word , and my servant shall be healed .
20 : 30 Then Saul ' s anger was kindled against Jonathan , and he said unto him , Thou son of the perverse rebellious woman , do not I know that thou hast chosen the son of Jesse to thine own confusion , and unto the confusion of thy mother ' s nakedness ?
13 : 27 So the servants of the householder came and said unto him , Sir , didst not thou sow good seed in thy field ?
6 : 61 When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it , he said unto them , Doth this offend you ?
Selah .
The heat even would be danger .-- You are fatigued already ."
Then , later , he had to fight against the king ' s own soldiers , to save himself , for King Saul grew wickedly jealous of David ' s fame as a soldier , and tried to kill him .
" Thank you , thank you -- but on no account .-- I would rather walk .-- And for _me_ to be afraid of walking alone !-- I , who may so soon have to guard others !"
This conviction , though not entirely satisfactory , gave her pleasure , and she continued her letter with greater alacrity .
8 : 19 And he killed it ; and Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about .
His horse was poor and old , many - coloured , and the ape rode with him .
" You would not have gone , however ," said Elinor , recovering herself , and determined to get over what she so much dreaded as soon as possible , " without receiving our good wishes , even if we had not been able to give them in person .
3 : 25 But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done : and there is no respect of persons .
34 : 17 And as for you , O my flock , thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I judge between cattle and cattle , between the rams and the he goats .
she found something else must be done .
4 : 12 Epaphras , who is one of you , a servant of Christ , saluteth you , always labouring fervently for you in prayers , that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God .
I thought you had lost half your property , at least .
is their wisdom vanished ?
1 : 8 And the LORD said unto Satan , Hast thou considered my servant Job , that there is none like him in the earth , a perfect and an upright man , one that feareth God , and escheweth evil ?
I must go home now ; it is late ," said the Moon . "
Elinor ' s thoughts were full of what might be passing in Berkeley Street during their absence ; but a moment ' s glance at her sister when they returned was enough to inform her , that Willoughby had paid no second visit there .
Knightley is a gentleman !
Elton , " but I must confess that I regard it as a most happy thought , the placing of Miss Smith out of doors ; and the tree is touched with such inimitable spirit !
1 : 12 For I neither received it of man , neither was I taught it , but by the revelation of Jesus Christ .
there was no end of Miss Elliot ' s charms ."
57 : 10 For thy mercy is great unto the heavens , and thy truth unto the clouds .
She believed he was looking at her ; probably reflecting on what she had said , and trying to understand the manner .
She sighed for the air , the liberty , the quiet of the country ; and fancied that if any place could give her ease , Barton must do it .
They will soon be back again , and then they ' d be sure and call here ."
19 : 15 Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment : thou shalt not respect the person of the poor , nor honor the person of the mighty : but in righteousness shalt thou judge thy neighbour .
He is fastidious and will have an affectation of his own ."
She has not the least idea ."
2 : 10 This shall they have for their pride , because they have reproached and magnified themselves against the people of the LORD of hosts .
44 : 9 Have ye forgotten the wickedness of your fathers , and the wickedness of the kings of Judah , and the wickedness of their wives , and your own wickedness , and the wickedness of your wives , which they have committed in the land of Judah , and in the streets of Jerusalem ?
Her ' s has been a very short one !
let him also go and return unto his house , lest he die in the battle , and another man eat of it .
1 : 20 And Joktan begat Almodad , and Sheleph , and Hazarmaveth , and Jerah , 1 : 21 Hadoram also , and Uzal , and Diklah , 1 : 22 And Ebal , and Abimael , and Sheba , 1 : 23 And Ophir , and Havilah , and Jobab .
18 : 21 Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their families were Jericho , and Bethhoglah , and the valley of Keziz , 18 : 22 And Betharabah , and Zemaraim , and Bethel , 18 : 23 And Avim , and Pharah , and Ophrah , 18 : 24 And Chepharhaammonai , and Ophni , and Gaba ; twelve cities with their villages : 18 : 25 Gibeon , and Ramah , and Beeroth , 18 : 26 And Mizpeh , and Chephirah , and Mozah , 18 : 27 And Rekem , and Irpeel , and Taralah , 18 : 28 And Zelah , Eleph , and Jebusi , which is Jerusalem , Gibeath , and Kirjath ; fourteen cities with their villages .
I have nothing that would be good enough to offer to the Christ Child ."
behold , my family is poor in Manasseh , and I am the least in my father ' s house .
I mention no names ; but happy the man who changes Emma for Harriet !"
These are the sons of Hur , the firstborn of Ephratah , the father of Bethlehem .
Mr Shepherd hastened to assure him , that Admiral Croft was a very hale , hearty , well - looking man , a little weather - beaten , to be sure , but not much , and quite the gentleman in all his notions and behaviour ; not likely to make the smallest difficulty about terms , only wanted a comfortable home , and to get into it as soon as possible ; knew he must pay for his convenience ; knew what rent a ready - furnished house of that consequence might fetch ; should not have been surprised if Sir Walter had asked more ; had inquired about the manor ; would be glad of the deputation , certainly , but made no great point of it ; said he sometimes took out a gun , but never killed ; quite the gentleman .
You have nothing to offer .
Your musical knowledge alone would entitle you to name your own terms , have as many rooms as you like , and mix in the family as much as you chose ;-- that is -- I do not know -- if you knew the harp , you might do all that , I am very sure ; but you sing as well as play ;-- yes , I really believe you might , even without the harp , stipulate for what you chose ;-- and you must and shall be delightfully , honourably and comfortably settled before the Campbells or I have any rest ."
A thousand and a thousand thanks for all the kindness you have ever shewn me , and ten thousand for the attentions your heart will dictate towards her .-- If you think me in a way to be happier than I deserve , I am quite of your opinion .-- Miss W .
36 : 9 For , behold , I am for you , and I will turn unto you , and ye shall be tilled and sown : 36 : 10 And I will multiply men upon you , all the house of Israel , even all of it : and the cities shall be inhabited , and the wastes shall be builded : 36 : 11 And I will multiply upon you man and beast ; and they shall increase and bring fruit : and I will settle you after your old estates , and will do better unto you than at your beginnings : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
32 : 10 And I subscribed the evidence , and sealed it , and took witnesses , and weighed him the money in the balances .
God forbid .
Lady Russell said not another word , willing to leave the matter to its own operation ; and believing that , could Mr Elliot at that moment with propriety have spoken for himself !-- she believed , in short , what Anne did not believe .
7 : 4 Wherefore , my brethren , ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ ; that ye should be married to another , even to him who is raised from the dead , that we should bring forth fruit unto God .
Dashwood looked with pleasure at Marianne , whose fine eyes were fixed so expressively on Willoughby , as plainly denoted how well she understood him . "
21 : 12 Therefore shalt thou make them turn their back , when thou shalt make ready thine arrows upon thy strings against the face of them .
34 : 9 O fear the LORD , ye his saints : for there is no want to them that fear him .
Knightley -- or for the Churchills -- or even for Mr .
I have been walking all this way in complete suspense .
Now they seemed in pleasant conversation .
13 : 10 This evil people , which refuse to hear my words , which walk in the imagination of their heart , and walk after other gods , to serve them , and to worship them , shall even be as this girdle , which is good for nothing .
2 : 24 All that were numbered of the camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred , throughout their armies .
14 : 33 And he taketh with him Peter and James and John , and began to be sore amazed , and to be very heavy ; 14 : 34 And saith unto them , My soul is exceeding sorrowful unto death : tarry ye here , and watch .
1 : 13 And Othniel the son of Kenaz , Caleb ' s younger brother , took it : and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife .
1 : 30 And to every beast of the earth , and to every fowl of the air , and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth , wherein there is life , I have given every green herb for meat : and it was so .
I will keep my ill - humour to myself .
In short , it ended in a total breach .
22 : 16 And the king said , Thou shalt surely die , Ahimelech , thou , and all thy father ' s house .
2 : 16 Now the priest of Midian had seven daughters : and they came and drew water , and filled the troughs to water their father ' s flock .
2 : 9 Therefore as I live , saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , Surely Moab shall be as Sodom , and the children of Ammon as Gomorrah , even the breeding of nettles , and saltpits , and a perpetual desolation : the residue of my people shall spoil them , and the remnant of my people shall possess them .
21 : 8 Be merciful , O LORD , unto thy people Israel , whom thou hast redeemed , and lay not innocent blood unto thy people of Israel ' s charge .
" No , ma ' am , he did not mention no particular family ; but he said his master was a very rich gentleman , and would be a baronight some day ."
Known to have some influence with her sister , she was continually requested , or at least receiving hints to exert it , beyond what was practicable . "
11 : 4 Riches profit not in the day of wrath : but righteousness delivereth from death .
10 : 27 And as he talked with him , he went in , and found many that were come together .
16 : 2 And when David had made an end of offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings , he blessed the people in the name of the LORD .
22 : 24 Ye shall not offer unto the LORD that which is bruised , or crushed , or broken , or cut ; neither shall ye make any offering thereof in your land .
44 : 18 They shall have linen bonnets upon their heads , and shall have linen breeches upon their loins ; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causeth sweat .
36 : 8 They shall be abundantly satisfied with the fatness of thy house ; and thou shalt make them drink of the river of thy pleasures .
103 : 17 But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him , and his righteousness unto children ' s children ; 103 : 18 To such as keep his covenant , and to those that remember his commandments to do them .
5 : 8 And the tale of the bricks , which they did make heretofore , ye shall lay upon them ; ye shall not diminish ought thereof : for they be idle ; therefore they cry , saying , Let us go and sacrifice to our God .
8 : 12 Those by the way side are they that hear ; then cometh the devil , and taketh away the word out of their hearts , lest they should believe and be saved .
10 : 9 Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days .
Stealing softly from the room he took paper and pen , for he had learnt to write , and spelt out , word after word , a letter which he addressed to the Christ Child .
33 : 11 Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria , which took Manasseh among the thorns , and bound him with fetters , and carried him to Babylon .
34 : 25 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Zebulun , Elizaphan the son of Parnach .
7 : 15 He made a pit , and digged it , and is fallen into the ditch which he made .
What a precious deposit !"
32 : 5 And when Aaron saw it , he built an altar before it ; and Aaron made proclamation , and said , To morrow is a feast to the LORD .
9 : 32 But Peter and they that were with him were heavy with sleep : and when they were awake , they saw his glory , and the two men that stood with him .
Your sister ," said he , with abruptness , a moment afterwards --" is out of danger .
" I am ready , if the others are ."
8 : 23 Whether any do enquire of Titus , he is my partner and fellowhelper concerning you : or our brethren be enquired of , they are the messengers of the churches , and the glory of Christ .
It was bad enough that a Mrs Clay should be always before her ; but that a deeper hypocrite should be added to their party , seemed the destruction of everything like peace and comfort .
I wish ," said Henrietta , very well pleased with her companion , " I wish Lady Russell lived at Uppercross , and were intimate with Dr Shirley .
4 : 2 Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim , round in compass , and five cubits the height thereof ; and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about .
CHAPTER 23 However small Elinor ' s general dependence on Lucy ' s veracity might be , it was impossible for her on serious reflection to suspect it in the present case , where no temptation could be answerable to the folly of inventing a falsehood of such a description .
An ' thin she tarns around An ' looks be ' ind the door ; There shtands the Fox wid his big tail Shpread out upon the floor .
Say ` No ,' if it is to be said ."
a land of darkness ?
18 : 7 The steps of his strength shall be straitened , and his own counsel shall cast him down .
17 : 30 And he turned from him toward another , and spake after the same manner : and the people answered him again after the former manner .
68 : 35 O God , thou art terrible out of thy holy places : the God of Israel is he that giveth strength and power unto his people .
And full of faith , when at last she woke , She stole to her shoe as the morning broke ; Such sounds of gladness filled all the air , Twas plain St Nicholas had been there !
37 : 5 And Joseph dreamed a dream , and he told it his brethren : and they hated him yet the more .
78 : 66 And he smote his enemies in the hinder parts : he put them to a perpetual reproach .
18 : 12 And Jethro , Moses ' father in law , took a burnt offering and sacrifices for God : and Aaron came , and all the elders of Israel , to eat bread with Moses ' father in law before God .
Weston engaged to lose no time in writing , and spare no arguments to induce him to come .
And he took again the twelve , and began to tell them what things should happen unto him , 10 : 33 Saying , Behold , we go up to Jerusalem ; and the Son of man shall be delivered unto the chief priests , and unto the scribes ; and they shall condemn him to death , and shall deliver him to the Gentiles : 10 : 34 And they shall mock him , and shall scourge him , and shall spit upon him , and shall kill him : and the third day he shall rise again .
23 : 11 And he took away the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun , at the entering in of the house of the LORD , by the chamber of Nathanmelech the chamberlain , which was in the suburbs , and burned the chariots of the sun with fire .
1 : 4 Draw me , we will run after thee : the king hath brought me into his chambers : we will be glad and rejoice in thee , we will remember thy love more than wine : the upright love thee .
Elinor ' s thanks followed this speech with grateful earnestness ; attended too with the assurance of her expecting material advantage to Marianne , from the communication of what had passed . "
Now it began to grow dark ; in the castle windows the lights began to show .
Weston ' s poultry - house was robbed one night of all her turkeys -- evidently by the ingenuity of man .
13 : 34 O Jerusalem , Jerusalem , which killest the prophets , and stonest them that are sent unto thee ; how often would I have gathered thy children together , as a hen doth gather her brood under her wings , and ye would not !
9 : 40 And I besought thy disciples to cast him out ; and they could not .
" No , no , not at all -- only a little agitated .
It would not be likely to produce that dejection of mind which frequently attended him .
1 : 10 Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently , who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you : 1 : 11 Searching what , or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify , when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ , and the glory that should follow .
Had you witnessed my behaviour there , I can hardly suppose you would ever have thought well of me again .
shall I overtake them ?
18 : 9 And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Hezekiah , which was the seventh year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel , that Shalmaneser king of Assyria came up against Samaria , and besieged it .
Emma could imagine she saw a touch of the arm at this speech , from his wife . "
But never did she go without Mr .
19 : 15 And the evil spirit answered and said , Jesus I know , and Paul I know ; but who are ye ?
He had , in fact , though his sisters were now doing all they could for him , by calling him " poor Richard ," been nothing better than a thick - headed , unfeeling , unprofitable Dick Musgrove , who had never done anything to entitle himself to more than the abbreviation of his name , living or dead .
And I am sure I should not have the smallest fear of trusting YOU ; indeed , I should be very glad of your advice how to manage in such and uncomfortable situation as I am ; but , however , there is no occasion to trouble YOU .
49 : 36 And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters of heaven , and will scatter them toward all those winds ; and there shall be no nation whither the outcasts of Elam shall not come .
5 : 28 They are waxen fat , they shine : yea , they overpass the deeds of the wicked : they judge not the cause , the cause of the fatherless , yet they prosper ; and the right of the needy do they not judge .
11 : 5 He shall not return into the land of Egypt , and the Assyrian shall be his king , because they refused to return .
Cleveland was a spacious , modern - built house , situated on a sloping lawn .
Colonel , I do not know what you and I shall do without the Miss Dashwoods ;"-- was Mrs .
" Excuse me ," said Jane earnestly , " I cannot by any means consent to such an arrangement , so needlessly troublesome to your servant .
So Frode sent for all the wise men of the land and bade them examine the stones and tell him of what use they were , since no one could grind with them .
20 : 3 And David came to his house at Jerusalem ; and the king took the ten women his concubines , whom he had left to keep the house , and put them in ward , and fed them , but went not in unto them .
She was so surprized she did not know what to do .
Their own good - nature must point out to them the real cruelty of appearing to know any thing about it when she is present ; and the less that may ever be said to myself on the subject , the more my feelings will be spared , as you my dear madam will easily believe ."
13 : 25 And they returned from searching of the land after forty days .
Mr .
let him trust in the name of the LORD , and stay upon his God .
But suddenly the music seemed to change ; a wonderful light shone all about .
CHAPTER 14 The sudden termination of Colonel Brandon ' s visit at the park , with his steadiness in concealing its cause , filled the mind , and raised the wonder of Mrs .
31 : 15 Six days may work be done ; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest , holy to the LORD : whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day , he shall surely be put to death .
18 : 11 Or a charmer , or a consulter with familiar spirits , or a wizard , or a necromancer .
says the lion , " but that ' s the very way he had , when he was making the plough that I was caught in .
He had seen Mrs Croft , too ; she was at Taunton with the admiral , and had been present almost all the time they were talking the matter over . "
Ferrars ' s resolution that both her sons should marry well , and of the danger attending any young woman who attempted to DRAW HIM IN ; that Mrs .
103 : 12 As far as the east is from the west , so far hath he removed our transgressions from us .
At the same moment , a voice said , " Good actions never go unrewarded !"
8 : 53 And they laughed him to scorn , knowing that she was dead .
Emma had not had time even to think of Mr .
And how suffer him to leave her without saying one word of gratitude , of concurrence , of common kindness !
17 : 12 And the man that will do presumptuously , and will not hearken unto the priest that standeth to minister there before the LORD thy God , or unto the judge , even that man shall die : and thou shalt put away the evil from Israel .
26 : 7 And thou shalt make curtains of goats ' hair to be a covering upon the tabernacle : eleven curtains shalt thou make .
no , that is clear enough .
1 : 42 And the LORD said unto me , Say unto them .
15 : 28 See , I will tarry in the plain of the wilderness , until there come word from you to certify me .
Little Half - Chick ," whispered the Water , " I am so choked with these weeds that I cannot move ; I am almost lost , for want of room ; please push the sticks and weeds away with your bill and help me ."
1 : 12 And I turned to see the voice that spake with me .
4 : 40 So when the Samaritans were come unto him , they besought him that he would tarry with them : and he abode there two days .
And they told unto all the people , saying , Behold , the king doth sit in the gate .
95 : 1 O come , let us sing unto the LORD : let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation .
9 : 12 And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh , and he hearkened not unto them ; as the LORD had spoken unto Moses .
It was a look , however , very well bestowed , for it relieved her own feelings , and gave no intelligence to him .
She did her best when thus called on , by speaking of Lady Middleton with more warmth than she felt , though with far less than Miss Lucy . "
22 : 16 And the king said unto him , How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the LORD ?
9 : 12 But when Jesus heard that , he said unto them , They that be whole need not a physician , but they that are sick .
16 : 3 And when I come , whomsoever ye shall approve by your letters , them will I send to bring your liberality unto Jerusalem .
The acorn was rolling down , with a soft tapping sound , ahead of him , so down he went too .
" No sister ," cried Lucy , " you are mistaken there , our favourite beaux are NOT great coxcombs ."
4 : 9 Use hospitality one to another without grudging .
39 : 2 I was dumb with silence , I held my peace , even from good ; and my sorrow was stirred .
Willoughby opened the piano - forte , and asked Marianne to sit down to it ; and thus amidst the various endeavours of different people to quit the topic , it fell to the ground .
bring him unto me .
4 : 34 And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto heaven , and mine understanding returned unto me , and I blessed the most High , and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever , whose dominion is an everlasting dominion , and his kingdom is from generation to generation : 4 : 35 And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing : and he doeth according to his will in the army of heaven , and among the inhabitants of the earth : and none can stay his hand , or say unto him , What doest thou ?
Thel answerd , O thou little virgin of the peaceful valley .
To know that _she_ thought his coming certain was enough to make Emma consider it so , and sincerely did she rejoice in their joy .
28 : 23 And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass , and the earth that is under thee shall be iron .
Harris , and despatching a messenger to Barton for her mother .
24 : 31 These likewise cast lots over against their brethren the sons of Aaron in the presence of David the king , and Zadok , and Ahimelech , and the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites , even the principal fathers over against their younger brethren .
9 : 3 And all the rulers of the provinces , and the lieutenants , and the deputies , and officers of the king , helped the Jews ; because the fear of Mordecai fell upon them .
If he were a little spoilt by such universal , such eager admiration , who could wonder ?
9 : 45 But they understood not this saying , and it was hid from them , that they perceived it not : and they feared to ask him of that saying .
I deserved none .
7 : 5 Thou hypocrite , first cast out the beam out of thine own eye ; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother ' s eye .
2 : 3 And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you : whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not , and their damnation slumbereth not .
And he said , Hearken , O people , every one of you .
Smallridge , a most delightful woman !-- A style of living almost equal to Maple Grove -- and as to the children , except the little Sucklings and little Bragges , there are not such elegant sweet children anywhere .
21 : 32 For John came unto you in the way of righteousness , and ye believed him not : but the publicans and the harlots believed him : and ye , when ye had seen it , repented not afterward , that ye might believe him .
11 : 5 And the coney , because he cheweth the cud , but divideth not the hoof ; he is unclean unto you .
what is his name , and what is his son ' s name , if thou canst tell ?
32 : 29 Moreover he provided him cities , and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance : for God had given him substance very much .
But Mrs Clay was talking so eagerly with Miss Elliot , that she did not hear the appeal . "
14 : 29 Let the prophets speak two or three , and let the other judge .
The bread which we break , is it not the communion of the body of Christ ?
15 : 20 Yea , so have I strived to preach the gospel , not where Christ was named , lest I should build upon another man ' s foundation : 15 : 21 But as it is written , To whom he was not spoken of , they shall see : and they that have not heard shall understand .
7 : 17 Thus saith the LORD , In this thou shalt know that I am the LORD : behold , I will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the waters which are in the river , and they shall be turned to blood .
Their tendency is gross and illiberal ; and if their construction could ever be deemed clever , time has long ago destroyed all its ingenuity ."
40 : 3 Now the LORD hath brought it , and done according as he hath said : because ye have sinned against the LORD , and have not obeyed his voice , therefore this thing is come upon you .
What right had he to endeavour to please , as he certainly did -- to distinguish any one young woman with persevering attention , as he certainly did -- while he really belonged to another ?-- How could he tell what mischief he might be doing ?-- How could he tell that he might not be making me in love with him ?-- very wrong , very wrong indeed ."
66 : 5 Hear the word of the LORD , ye that tremble at his word ; Your brethren that hated you , that cast you out for my name ' s sake , said , Let the LORD be glorified : but he shall appear to your joy , and they shall be ashamed .
He put down his gun and ran to her assistance .
Miss Bates was out , which accounted for the previous tranquillity .
18 : 40 Then cried they all again , saying , Not this man , but Barabbas .
27 : 25 And he said , Bring it near to me , and I will eat of my son ' s venison , that my soul may bless thee .
Happy those , who can remain at Highbury !"
She would not speak to Anne with half the certainty she felt on the subject , she would venture on little more than hints of what might be hereafter , of a possible attachment on his side , of the desirableness of the alliance , supposing such attachment to be real and returned .
4 : 29 As for the sons of Merari , thou shalt number them after their families , by the house of their fathers ; 4 : 30 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old shalt thou number them , every one that entereth into the service , to do the work of the tabernacle of the congregation .
80 : 2 Before Ephraim and Benjamin and Manasseh stir up thy strength , and come and save us .
5 : 12 For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret .
5 : 31 And Darius the Median took the kingdom , being about threescore and two years old .
27 : 29 And all that handle the oar , the mariners , and all the pilots of the sea , shall come down from their ships , they shall stand upon the land ; 27 : 30 And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee , and shall cry bitterly , and shall cast up dust upon their heads , they shall wallow themselves in the ashes : 27 : 31 And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee , and gird them with sackcloth , and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and bitter wailing .
Her mind did become settled , but it was settled in a gloomy dejection .
Mine is a misery which nothing can do away ."
And for my part , I was all in a fright for fear your sister should ask us for the huswifes she had gave us a day or two before ; but , however , nothing was said about them , and I took care to keep mine out of sight .
22 : 54 Then took they him , and led him , and brought him into the high priest ' s house .
LITTLE JACK ROLLAROUND Once upon a time there was a wee little boy who slept in a tiny trundle - bed near his mother ' s great bed .
7 : 5 Of the tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand .
It did not appear to him that Sir Walter could materially alter his style of living in a house which had such a character of hospitality and ancient dignity to support .
16 : 7 And he shall take the two goats , and present them before the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
11 : 19 There was not a city that made peace with the children of Israel , save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon : all other they took in battle .
the LORD shall trouble thee this day .
By and by the little Gingerbread Boy came to a barn full of threshers .
When he saw that , the Lion roared and shook his mane and showed his teeth .
103 : 6 The LORD executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed .
22 : 11 Thou shalt not wear a garment of divers sorts , as of woollen and linen together .
The horror of being blocked up at Randalls , while her children were at Hartfield , was full in her imagination ; and fancying the road to be now just passable for adventurous people , but in a state that admitted no delay , she was eager to have it settled , that her father and Emma should remain at Randalls , while she and her husband set forward instantly through all the possible accumulations of drifted snow that might impede them . "
Did you not think him dreadful low - spirited when he was at Barton ?
For Miss ----------, read Miss Smith .
26 : 4 And thou shalt make loops of blue upon the edge of the one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling ; and likewise shalt thou make in the uttermost edge of another curtain , in the coupling of the second .
6 : 11 Then said I , Lord , how long ?
I dare say he has ; and though it may cut him off from some advantages , it will secure him many others ."
A great deal of very reasonable , very just displeasure I had to persuade away .
26 : 14 These are the families of the Simeonites , twenty and two thousand and two hundred .
1 : 9 And this is the number of them : thirty chargers of gold , a thousand chargers of silver , nine and twenty knives , 1 : 10 Thirty basons of gold , silver basons of a second sort four hundred and ten , and other vessels a thousand .
Well might Charles wonder how Captain Wentworth would feel !
When Robert first sought her acquaintance , and privately visited her in Bartlett ' s Buildings , it was only with the view imputed to him by his brother .
But what did such particulars explain ?-- The fact was , as Emma could now acknowledge , that Harriet had always liked Robert Martin ; and that his continuing to love her had been irresistible .-- Beyond this , it must ever be unintelligible to Emma .
10 : 43 To him give all the prophets witness , that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins .
Excuse me , Miss Dashwood .
him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose .
It was like a terrible dream ; he could not believe it true , he could not understand what had happened to him .
Mr .
9 : 9 And they had breastplates , as it were breastplates of iron ; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle .
25 : 38 And the tongs thereof , and the snuffdishes thereof , shall be of pure gold .
2 : 18 Then I told them of the hand of my God which was good upon me ; as also the king ' s words that he had spoken unto me .
11 : 48 If we let him thus alone , all men will believe on him : and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation .
It is my party .
It must , if I were not here .
Oh !-- you need not be afraid of owning it to me , for Mr .
This point was just arranged , when a visitor arrived to tear Emma ' s thoughts a little from the one subject which had engrossed them , sleeping or waking , the last twenty - four hours -- Mrs .
17 : 56 And the king said , Enquire thou whose son the stripling is .
Weston that Mrs .
She recalled her past kindness -- the kindness , the affection of sixteen years -- how she had taught and how she had played with her from five years old -- how she had devoted all her powers to attach and amuse her in health -- and how nursed her through the various illnesses of childhood .
7 : 36 For on the plates of the ledges thereof , and on the borders thereof , he graved cherubims , lions , and palm trees , according to the proportion of every one , and additions round about .
32 : 27 And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the uncircumcised , which are gone down to hell with their weapons of war : and they have laid their swords under their heads , but their iniquities shall be upon their bones , though they were the terror of the mighty in the land of the living .
37 : 15 Dost thou know when God disposed them , and caused the light of his cloud to shine ?
I am only ready whenever you are .
Blessed are all they that put their trust in him .
25 : 34 Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand , Come , ye blessed of my Father , inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world : 25 : 35 For I was an hungred , and ye gave me meat : I was thirsty , and ye gave me drink : I was a stranger , and ye took me in : 25 : 36 Naked , and ye clothed me : I was sick , and ye visited me : I was in prison , and ye came unto me .
14 : 29 But Peter said unto him , Although all shall be offended , yet will not I .
15 : 20 And Menahem exacted the money of Israel , even of all the mighty men of wealth , of each man fifty shekels of silver , to give to the king of Assyria .
42 : 7 Deep calleth unto deep at the noise of thy waterspouts : all thy waves and thy billows are gone over me .
The grounds of Hartfield were small , but neat and pretty ; and the house was modern and well - built .
He had expressed himself as to coming , with more than common certainty . "
Elton , the caution he had given , the conviction he had professed that Mr .
21 : 25 And Israel took all these cities : and Israel dwelt in all the cities of the Amorites , in Heshbon , and in all the villages thereof .
16 : 5 And so were the churches established in the faith , and increased in number daily .
147 : 17 He casteth forth his ice like morsels : who can stand before his cold ?
2 : 3 For the vision is yet for an appointed time , but at the end it shall speak , and not lie : though it tarry , wait for it ; because it will surely come , it will not tarry .
Miss Bates ' s powerful , argumentative mind might have strengthened yours ."
4 : 3 And they laid hands on them , and put them in hold unto the next day : for it was now eventide .
And on my own account too -- so dear as he is to me -- I don ' t think I could be equal to it .
37 : 8 And when I beheld , lo , the sinews and the flesh came up upon them , and the skin covered them above : but there was no breath in them .
18 : 31 And ye shall eat it in every place , ye and your households : for it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation .
3 : 26 And her gates shall lament and mourn ; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground .
" You may well be amazed ," returned Mrs .
When God bringeth back the captivity of his people , Jacob shall rejoice , and Israel shall be glad .
1 : 41 The sons of Anah ; Dishon .
3 : 7 Arise , O LORD ; save me , O my God : for thou hast smitten all mine enemies upon the cheek bone ; thou hast broken the teeth of the ungodly .
12 : 41 And Jesus sat over against the treasury , and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury : and many that were rich cast in much .
6 : 15 And the kings of the earth , and the great men , and the rich men , and the chief captains , and the mighty men , and every bondman , and every free man , hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains ; 6 : 16 And said to the mountains and rocks , Fall on us , and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne , and from the wrath of the Lamb : 6 : 17 For the great day of his wrath is come ; and who shall be able to stand ?
Charles Hayter was the eldest of all the cousins , and a very amiable , pleasing young man , between whom and Henrietta there had been a considerable appearance of attachment previous to Captain Wentworth ' s introduction .
She might have prevented the indulgence and increase of such sentiments .
" Have I ?"
Weston , her smile , her touch , her voice was grateful to Emma , and she determined to think as little as possible of Mr .
or who shall bemoan thee ?
3 : 11 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; An adversary there shall be even round about the land ; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee , and thy palaces shall be spoiled .
The ground covered with snow , and the atmosphere in that unsettled state between frost and thaw , which is of all others the most unfriendly for exercise , every morning beginning in rain or snow , and every evening setting in to freeze , she was for many days a most honourable prisoner .
Thank Heaven !
Which of the two sisters was preferred by Captain Wentworth was as yet quite doubtful , as far as Anne ' s observation reached .
15 : 28 And Samuel said unto him , The LORD hath rent the kingdom of Israel from thee this day , and hath given it to a neighbour of thine , that is better than thou .
21 : 14 But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbour , to slay him with guile ; thou shalt take him from mine altar , that he may die .
You really are a very sad girl , and do not know how to take care of yourself .-- To the post - office indeed !
think a farmer , ( and with all his sense and all his merit Mr .
He said no more .
Lord bless me !-- I am sure it would put ME quite out of patience !-- And though one would be very glad to do a kindness by poor Mr .
" It would be impossible , I know ," replied Elinor , " to convince you that a woman of seven and twenty could feel for a man of thirty - five anything near enough to love , to make him a desirable companion to her .
16 : 10 A divine sentence is in the lips of the king : his mouth transgresseth not in judgment .
11 : 11 Verily I say unto you , Among them that are born of women there hath not risen a greater than John the Baptist : notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he .
24 : 6 And I brought your fathers out of Egypt : and ye came unto the sea ; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and horsemen unto the Red sea .
How came they acquainted ?"
16 : 59 For thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will even deal with thee as thou hast done , which hast despised the oath in breaking the covenant .
Willoughby ' s behaviour in taking leave of them , his embarrassment , and affectation of cheerfulness , and , above all , his unwillingness to accept her mother ' s invitation , a backwardness so unlike a lover , so unlike himself , greatly disturbed her .
17 : 24 And it shall come to pass , if ye diligently hearken unto me , saith the LORD , to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day , but hallow the sabbath day , to do no work therein ; 17 : 25 Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes sitting upon the throne of David , riding in chariots and on horses , they , and their princes , the men of Judah , and the inhabitants of Jerusalem : and this city shall remain for ever .
8 : 33 Then went the devils out of the man , and entered into the swine : and the herd ran violently down a steep place into the lake , and were choked .
But he always said ,-- " Oh , no ; you are too little , you are too little !"
And the servant had said , It is my master : therefore she took a vail , and covered herself .
23 : 10 One man of you shall chase a thousand : for the LORD your God , he it is that fighteth for you , as he hath promised you .
and Mrs .
33 : 9 For he spake , and it was done ; he commanded , and it stood fast .
28 : 17 Judgment also will I lay to the line , and righteousness to the plummet : and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies , and the waters shall overflow the hiding place .
43 : 1 But now thus saith the LORD that created thee , O Jacob , and he that formed thee , O Israel , Fear not : for I have redeemed thee , I have called thee by thy name ; thou art mine .
48 : 1 Great is the LORD , and greatly to be praised in the city of our God , in the mountain of his holiness .
31 : 9 And they cut off his head , and stripped off his armour , and sent into the land of the Philistines round about , to publish it in the house of their idols , and among the people .
7 : 19 But if ye turn away , and forsake my statutes and my commandments , which I have set before you , and shall go and serve other gods , and worship them ; 7 : 20 Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land which I have given them ; and this house , which I have sanctified for my name , will I cast out of my sight , and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among all nations .
13 : 27 Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil , to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives ?
27 : 15 A continual dropping in a very rainy day and a contentious woman are alike .
32 : 2 And when Jacob saw them , he said , This is God ' s host : and he called the name of that place Mahanaim .
Weston was at last persuaded to believe , or to say , that it must be by some attack of Mrs .
And yet here are two gentlemen stuck up in it mightily at their ease , and looking about them at the rocks and mountains , as if they were not to be upset the next moment , which they certainly must be .
20 : 23 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in mount Hor , by the coast of the land of Edom , saying , 20 : 24 Aaron shall be gathered unto his people : for he shall not enter into the land which I have given unto the children of Israel , because ye rebelled against my word at the water of Meribah .
and they smote him with their hands .
15 : 23 And when they came to Marah , they could not drink of the waters of Marah , for they were bitter : therefore the name of it was called Marah .
Mr .
23 : 39 For I say unto you , Ye shall not see me henceforth , till ye shall say , Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord .
for the sea wrought , and was tempestuous .
The little Jackals danced on ahead , and the Lion stalked behind .
11 : 15 But if a woman have long hair , it is a glory to her : for her hair is given her for a covering .
They brought with them their country habit of being almost always together .
they are utterly consumed with terrors .
38 : 1 And he made the altar of burnt offering of shittim wood : five cubits was the length thereof , and five cubits the breadth thereof ; it was foursquare ; and three cubits the height thereof .
What would you do yourself ?"
In the middle of the stream the fox said , " Oh , dear !
13 : 9 For we know in part , and we prophesy in part .
11 : 18 And say thou unto the people , Sanctify yourselves against to morrow , and ye shall eat flesh : for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD , saying , Who shall give us flesh to eat ?
19 : 10 And the third lot came up for the children of Zebulun according to their families : and the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid : 19 : 11 And their border went up toward the sea , and Maralah , and reached to Dabbasheth , and reached to the river that is before Jokneam ; 19 : 12 And turned from Sarid eastward toward the sunrising unto the border of Chislothtabor , and then goeth out to Daberath , and goeth up to Japhia , 19 : 13 And from thence passeth on along on the east to Gittahhepher , to Ittahkazin , and goeth out to Remmonmethoar to Neah ; 19 : 14 And the border compasseth it on the north side to Hannathon : and the outgoings thereof are in the valley of Jiphthahel : 19 : 15 And Kattath , and Nahallal , and Shimron , and Idalah , and Bethlehem : twelve cities with their villages .
27 : 5 And there shalt thou build an altar unto the LORD thy God , an altar of stones : thou shalt not lift up any iron tool upon them .
20 : 14 And when she had thus said , she turned herself back , and saw Jesus standing , and knew not that it was Jesus .
15 : 8 In the thirty and eighth year of Azariah king of Judah did Zachariah the son of Jeroboam reign over Israel in Samaria six months .
and your labour for that which satisfieth not ?
This was very proper ; the sigh which accompanied it was really estimable ; but it should have lasted longer .
Let the Tiger eat the Brahmin ."
4 : 20 But ye have not so learned Christ ; 4 : 21 If so be that ye have heard him , and have been taught by him , as the truth is in Jesus : 4 : 22 That ye put off concerning the former conversation the old man , which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts ; 4 : 23 And be renewed in the spirit of your mind ; 4 : 24 And that ye put on the new man , which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness .
10 : 23 But when they persecute you in this city , flee ye into another : for verily I say unto you , Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel , till the Son of man be come .
If I were to shut myself up for ever with the child , I should not be able to persuade him to do anything he did not like .
He did not disturb the wretchedness of her mind by ill - timed conversation .
5 : 12 And we beseech you , brethren , to know them which labour among you , and are over you in the Lord , and admonish you ; 5 : 13 And to esteem them very highly in love for their work ' s sake .
There is health , not merely in her bloom , but in her air , her head , her glance .
He said it , she knew , to be contradicted .
25 : 25 As cold waters to a thirsty soul , so is good news from a far country .
go and see .
Martin .
51 : 29 And the land shall tremble and sorrow : for every purpose of the LORD shall be performed against Babylon , to make the land of Babylon a desolation without an inhabitant .
20 : 29 The glory of young men is their strength : and the beauty of old men is the grey head .
Bates ; but I have been so pleasantly detained !
" Well , whenever it suits you .
No ; he was talking to Mrs .
And he said unto them , Neither tell I you by what authority I do these things .
19 : 7 Wherefore I command thee , saying , Thou shalt separate three cities for thee .
25 : 9 And those that died in the plague were twenty and four thousand .
12 : 5 He that is ready to slip with his feet is as a lamp despised in the thought of him that is at ease .
10 : 27 And Jesus looking upon them saith , With men it is impossible , but not with God : for with God all things are possible .
1 : 10 Give me now wisdom and knowledge , that I may go out and come in before this people : for who can judge this thy people , that is so great ?
I could have wished , however , as you know , that you had seen Mr .
From that moment , Emma could have taken her oath that Mr .
" Handsome !
45 : 15 Verily thou art a God that hidest thyself , O God of Israel , the Saviour .
9 : 31 And as Jehu entered in at the gate , she said , Had Zimri peace , who slew his master ?
Anne had always thought such a style of intercourse highly imprudent ; but she had ceased to endeavour to check it , from believing that , though there were on each side continual subjects of offence , neither family could now do without it .
And the sons of Dedan were Asshurim , and Letushim , and Leummim .
3 : 27 And when Abner was returned to Hebron , Joab took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly , and smote him there under the fifth rib , that he died , for the blood of Asahel his brother .
36 : 23 And he made boards for the tabernacle ; twenty boards for the south side southward : 36 : 24 And forty sockets of silver he made under the twenty boards ; two sockets under one board for his two tenons , and two sockets under another board for his two tenons .
16 : 2 Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store , as God hath prospered him , that there be no gatherings when I come .
35 : 17 And it came to pass , when she was in hard labour , that the midwife said unto her , Fear not ; thou shalt have this son also .
and she , even she herself said , He is my brother : in the integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done this .
3 : 18 Let no man deceive himself .
1 : 27 So God created man in his own image , in the image of God created he him ; male and female created he them .
NURSE ' S SONG When the voices of children are heard on the green , And laughing is heard on the hill , My heart is at rest within my breast , And everything else is still . "
66 : 16 For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh : and the slain of the LORD shall be many .
1 : 27 Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this , To visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction , and to keep himself unspotted from the world .
And I said , I have looked , and behold a candlestick all of gold , with a bowl upon the top of it , and his seven lamps thereon , and seven pipes to the seven lamps , which are upon the top thereof : 4 : 3 And two olive trees by it , one upon the right side of the bowl , and the other upon the left side thereof .
12 : 9 And he went out , and followed him ; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel ; but thought he saw a vision .
28 : 5 And the angel answered and said unto the women , Fear not ye : for I know that ye seek Jesus , which was crucified .
25 : 36 Take thou no usury of him , or increase : but fear thy God ; that thy brother may live with thee .
7 : 13 And he said , Hear ye now , O house of David ; Is it a small thing for you to weary men , but will ye weary my God also ?
20 : 1 Then all the children of Israel went out , and the congregation was gathered together as one man , from Dan even to Beersheba , with the land of Gilead , unto the LORD in Mizpeh .
she was going to exclaim ; but she presently found that it was a family of old friends , who were coming , like herself , by particular desire , to help Mr .
She had had it from Mrs Wallis herself , which did not seem bad authority .
9 : 1 And it came to pass , when all the kings which were on this side Jordan , in the hills , and in the valleys , and in all the coasts of the great sea over against Lebanon , the Hittite , and the Amorite , the Canaanite , the Perizzite , the Hivite , and the Jebusite , heard thereof ; 9 : 2 That they gathered themselves together , to fight with Joshua and with Israel , with one accord .
11 : 16 Therefore say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Although I have cast them far off among the heathen , and although I have scattered them among the countries , yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come .
And , in short -- what do you think of my wife ' s style of letter - writing ?-- delicate -- tender -- truly feminine -- was it not ?"
17 : 10 And Micah said unto him , Dwell with me , and be unto me a father and a priest , and I will give thee ten shekels of silver by the year , and a suit of apparel , and thy victuals .
31 : 3 Behold , the Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches , and with a shadowing shroud , and of an high stature ; and his top was among the thick boughs .
He agreed to it , but with so quiet a " Yes ," as inclined her almost to doubt his real concurrence ; and yet there must be a very distinct sort of elegance for the fashionable world , if Jane Fairfax could be thought only ordinarily gifted with it . "
14 : 14 I know , and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus , that there is nothing unclean of itself : but to him that esteemeth any thing to be unclean , to him it is unclean .
15 : 22 If I had not come and spoken unto them , they had not had sin : but now they have no cloak for their sin .
6 : 11 And in it have I put the ark , wherein is the covenant of the LORD , that he made with the children of Israel .
I thought I had seen you first in February ."
18 : 22 Jesus saith unto him , I say not unto thee , Until seven times : but , Until seventy times seven .
143 : 5 I remember the days of old ; I meditate on all thy works ; I muse on the work of thy hands .
5 : 5 So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest ; but he that said unto him , Thou art my Son , to day have I begotten thee .
Knightley ,) who know how very , very seldom I am ever two hours from Hartfield , why you should foresee such a series of dissipation for me , I cannot imagine .
Elton is very good - natured and agreeable , and I dare say her acquaintance are just what they ought to be .
1 : 22 And , lo , while she yet talked with the king , Nathan the prophet also came in .
3 : 14 And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness , even so must the Son of man be lifted up : 3 : 15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have eternal life .
If the errand were not a pleasure to me , it could be done , as it always is when I am not here , by my grandmama ' s ."
21 : 6 But Levi and Benjamin counted he not among them : for the king ' s word was abominable to Joab .
34 : 23 For he will not lay upon man more than right ; that he should enter into judgment with God .
I am sure you must have heard of her before .
15 : 56 The sting of death is sin ; and the strength of sin is the law .
THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER Once upon a time there was an honest shoemaker , who was very poor .
Dashwood first spoke . "
And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from their cities , and came to battle .
And dear Emma , too !-- What a dreadful loss to you both !-- I have been so grieved for you .-- I could not imagine how you could possibly do without her .-- It is a sad change indeed .-- But I hope she is pretty well , sir ."
2 : 23 Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship , and humility , and neglecting of the body : not in any honour to the satisfying of the flesh .
It was a delightful visit ;-- perfect , in being much too short .
And a little after , they that stood by said again to Peter , Surely thou art one of them : for thou art a Galilaean , and thy speech agreeth thereto .
Knightley might be preserved from sinking deeper in aggression towards Mr .
If they are not put off , he cannot stir .
Weston is rather an easy , cheerful - tempered man , than a man of strong feelings ; he takes things as he finds them , and makes enjoyment of them somehow or other , depending , I suspect , much more upon what is called society for his comforts , that is , upon the power of eating and drinking , and playing whist with his neighbours five times a week , than upon family affection , or any thing that home affords ."
47 : 4 They said morever unto Pharaoh , For to sojourn in the land are we come ; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks ; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan : now therefore , we pray thee , let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen .
-- " Your word !-- why not your honour !-- why not say upon your honour , that it has nothing to do with any of them ?
Woodhouse thought it no hardship for either James or the horses .
my wound is incurable without transgression .
9 : 28 And when he was come into the house , his disciples asked him privately , Why could not we cast him out ?
" Oh , I don ' t know _why_ " said the little Jackal ,--" I always sing after dinner !"
By their uncertain light she thought she could discern it to be drawn by four horses ; and this , while it told the excess of her poor mother ' s alarm , gave some explanation to such unexpected rapidity .
78 : 39 For he remembered that they were but flesh ; a wind that passeth away , and cometh not again .
And the fourth river is Euphrates .
145 : 8 The LORD is gracious , and full of compassion ; slow to anger , and of great mercy .
15 : 7 And when there had been much disputing , Peter rose up , and said unto them , Men and brethren , ye know how that a good while ago God made choice among us , that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the gospel , and believe .
10 : 22 All things are delivered to me of my Father : and no man knoweth who the Son is , but the Father ; and who the Father is , but the Son , and he to whom the Son will reveal him .
43 : 13 Yea , before the day was I am he ; and there is none that can deliver out of my hand : I will work , and who shall let it ?
I was ready to have gone with her , but this will do just as well .
8 : 16 And all the people that were in Ai were called together to pursue after them : and they pursued after Joshua , and were drawn away from the city .
She had an unhappy state of health in general for the child of such a man , for she hardly knew what indisposition was ; and if he did not invent illnesses for her , she could make no figure in a message .
He could only plead an ignorance of his own heart , and a mistaken confidence in the force of his engagement . "
Knightley .
We want your opinion .
37 : 1 And Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger , in the land of Canaan .
12 : 7 And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations , there was given to me a thorn in the flesh , the messenger of Satan to buffet me , lest I should be exalted above measure .
18 : 30 And the children of Dan set up the graven image : and Jonathan , the son of Gershom , the son of Manasseh , he and his sons were priests to the tribe of Dan until the day of the captivity of the land .
The Frank Churchill so long talked of , so high in interest , was actually before her -- he was presented to her , and she did not think too much had been said in his praise ; he was a _very_ good looking young man ; height , air , address , all were unexceptionable , and his countenance had a great deal of the spirit and liveliness of his father ' s ; he looked quick and sensible .
7 : 10 And the commandment , which was ordained to life , I found to be unto death .
9 : 13 They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind .
45 : 5 And seekest thou great things for thyself ?
When we came back from Minehead he was gone down to Edward ' s , and there he has been ever since .
23 : 25 For David said , The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his people , that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever : 23 : 26 And also unto the Levites ; they shall no more carry the tabernacle , nor any vessels of it for the service thereof .
9 : 32 And it came to pass , as Peter passed throughout all quarters , he came down also to the saints which dwelt at Lydda .
When they were safely over , the little Jackal jumped down and showed the Camel the sugar - cane field ; then he ran swiftly along the river bank , to hunt for crabs ; the Camel began to eat sugar - cane .
44 : 9 With whomsoever of thy servants it be found , both let him die , and we also will be my lord ' s bondmen .
10 : 3 But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins every year .
His first proposition and request , that the dance begun at Mr .
High in the dark of the heavens the stars were beginning to twinkle , and the Angel begged some of the little ones to come down and rest upon the branches of the Fir .
Weston could only approve .
Indeed , Mrs Harville and I quite agree that we love her the better for having nursed her .
7 : 39 And the sons of Ulla ; Arah , and Haniel , and Rezia .
2 : 1 I am the rose of Sharon , and the lily of the valleys .
She knows her own worth too well for false shame ," replied Edward . "
Bates , & c .," and they did at last move out of the shop , with no farther delay from Miss Bates than , " How do you do , Mrs .
Then she kissed them ; and they lifted up their voice , and wept .
18 : 3 And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath , as he went to stablish his dominion by the river Euphrates .
Yes , good man !-- thought Emma -- but what has all that to do with taking likenesses ?
" You know Miss Fairfax ' s situation in life , I conclude ; what she is destined to be ?"
20 : 6 Though his excellency mount up to the heavens , and his head reach unto the clouds ; 20 : 7 Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung : they which have seen him shall say , Where is he ?
22 : 22 As silver is melted in the midst of the furnace , so shall ye be melted in the midst thereof ; and ye shall know that I the LORD have poured out my fury upon you .
13 : 7 Jesus answered and said unto him , What I do thou knowest not now ; but thou shalt know hereafter .
Jennings ' s chariot , which she knew had not been ordered till one .
5 : 34 And he said unto them , Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast , while the bridegroom is with them ?
11 : 12 And their brethren that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two : and Adaiah the son of Jeroham , the son of Pelaliah , the son of Amzi , the son of Zechariah , the son of Pashur , the son of Malchiah .
Weston .
16 : 12 And Moses sent to call Dathan and Abiram , the sons of Eliab : which said , We will not come up : 16 : 13 Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of a land that floweth with milk and honey , to kill us in the wilderness , except thou make thyself altogether a prince over us ?
He might observe that it was so .
8 : 22 For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way : because we had spoken unto the king , saying , The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him ; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him .
2 : 20 But the days will come , when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them , and then shall they fast in those days .
I hear you have a charming collection of new ribbons from town .
14 : 8 Ephraim shall say , What have I to do any more with idols ?
18 : 29 And Saul was yet the more afraid of David ; and Saul became David ' s enemy continually .
Happy , happy Elinor , YOU cannot have an idea of what I suffer ."
3 : 6 And if his offering for a sacrifice of peace offering unto the LORD be of the flock ; male or female , he shall offer it without blemish .
2 : 10 And the LORD spake unto the fish , and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land .
2 : 10 For it became him , for whom are all things , and by whom are all things , in bringing many sons unto glory , to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings .
This , as every thing else would have been , was too much for Marianne , who could only exclaim , in the anguish of her heart , " Oh !
She was faithful to her word ; and when Willoughby called at the cottage , the same day , Elinor heard her express her disappointment to him in a low voice , on being obliged to forego the acceptance of his present .
From our relative situation , those attentions were her due , and were felt to be so .-- Whether Miss Woodhouse began really to understand me before the expiration of that fortnight , I cannot say ;-- when I called to take leave of her , I remember that I was within a moment of confessing the truth , and I then fancied she was not without suspicion ; but I have no doubt of her having since detected me , at least in some degree .-- She may not have surmised the whole , but her quickness must have penetrated a part .
90 : 7 For we are consumed by thine anger , and by thy wrath are we troubled .
2 : 17 And when they urged him till he was ashamed , he said , Send .
32 : 34 Therefore now go , lead the people unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee : behold , mine Angel shall go before thee : nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them .
Selah .
14 : 29 And now I have told you before it come to pass , that , when it is come to pass , ye might believe .
16 : 7 And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah , and said unto him , Because thou hast relied on the king of Syria , and not relied on the LORD thy God , therefore is the host of the king of Syria escaped out of thine hand .
12 : 22 Then was brought unto him one possessed with a devil , blind , and dumb : and he healed him , insomuch that the blind and dumb both spake and saw .
An opportunity was soon to be given to the Dashwoods of debating on the rest of the children , as Sir John would not leave the house without securing their promise of dining at the park the next day .
Jennings , Lady Middleton ' s mother , was a good - humoured , merry , fat , elderly woman , who talked a great deal , seemed very happy , and rather vulgar .
4 : 1 And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man , saying , We will eat our own bread , and wear our own apparel : only let us be called by thy name , to take away our reproach .
Are those who have been disappointed in their first choice , whether from the inconstancy of its object , or the perverseness of circumstances , to be equally indifferent during the rest of their lives ?"
51 : 21 Therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine : 51 : 22 Thus saith thy Lord the LORD , and thy God that pleadeth the cause of his people , Behold , I have taken out of thine hand the cup of trembling , even the dregs of the cup of my fury ; thou shalt no more drink it again : 51 : 23 But I will put it into the hand of them that afflict thee ; which have said to thy soul , Bow down , that we may go over : and thou hast laid thy body as the ground , and as the street , to them that went over .
16 : 18 They said therefore , What is this that he saith , A little while ?
I have observed it all my life .
There was certainly no harm in his travelling sixteen miles twice over on such an errand ; but there was an air of foppery and nonsense in it which she could not approve .
The calm and polite unconcern of Lady Middleton on the occasion was a happy relief to Elinor ' s spirits , oppressed as they often were by the clamorous kindness of the others .
" That is very true ," replied her mother , " but of her society , separately from that of other people , you will scarcely have any thing at all , and you will almost always appear in public with Lady Middleton ."
But when morning came , two pairs of shoes lay on the bench , most beautifully made , and no sign of anyone who had been there .
She felt that Mrs Musgrove and all her party ought to be asked to dine with them ; but she could not bear to have the difference of style , the reduction of servants , which a dinner must betray , witnessed by those who had been always so inferior to the Elliots of Kellynch .
The impertinence of the Eltons , which for a few minutes had threatened to ruin the rest of her evening , had been the occasion of some of its highest satisfactions ; and she looked forward to another happy result -- the cure of Harriet ' s infatuation .-- From Harriet ' s manner of speaking of the circumstance before they quitted the ballroom , she had strong hopes .
Her plan of sitting with Lady Russell must give way for the present .
15 : 27 And as Samuel turned about to go away , he laid hold upon the skirt of his mantle , and it rent .
Well , this Miss Louisa , we all thought , you know , was to marry Frederick .
Jennings sat on Elinor ' s right hand ; and they had not been long seated , before she leant behind her and Willoughby , and said to Marianne , loud enough for them both to hear , " I have found you out in spite of all your tricks .
The children took things out of the basket and began to play with the Little Fir Tree , just as he had often begged the wind and the snow and the birds to do .
And Samuel said , Behold that which is left !
Mr .
36 : 10 He openeth also their ear to discipline , and commandeth that they return from iniquity .
15 : 1 And the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 15 : 2 Son of man , what is the vine tree more than any tree , or than a branch which is among the trees of the forest ?
I adjure thee by God , that thou torment me not .
Elinor , distressed by this charge of reserve in herself , which she was not at liberty to do away , knew not how , under such circumstances , to press for greater openness in Marianne .
Cluck !
4 : 6 Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man , unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works , 4 : 7 Saying , Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven , and whose sins are covered .
for she hath wrought a good work upon me .
And they answered him , The LORD bless thee .
14 : 5 And in the fourteenth year came Chedorlaomer , and the kings that were with him , and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim , and the Zuzims in Ham , and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim , 14 : 6 And the Horites in their mount Seir , unto Elparan , which is by the wilderness .
39 : 11 When thou with rebukes dost correct man for iniquity , thou makest his beauty to consume away like a moth : surely every man is vanity .
41 : 28 This is the thing which I have spoken unto Pharaoh : What God is about to do he sheweth unto Pharaoh .
1 : 18 And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do .
And he worshipped him .
6 : 8 And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand , and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes .
7 : 10 For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation not to be repented of : but the sorrow of the world worketh death .
The little old woman and the little old man ran after him as fast as they could , but he just laughed , and shouted ,-- " Run !
Nobody knew how much she should suffer .
Or the glistening Eye to the poison of a smile !
I remember Fanny used to say that she would marry sooner and better than you did ; not but what she is exceedingly fond of YOU , but so it happened to strike her .
3 : 24 For my sighing cometh before I eat , and my roarings are poured out like the waters .
" Oh !
The difficulty was great of driving his strange insensibility towards Harriet , from her mind , while he not only sat at her elbow , but was continually obtruding his happy countenance on her notice , and solicitously addressing her upon every occasion .
Then said Abner unto him , Go , return .
Poor Edward !
18 : 9 The gin shall take him by the heel , and the robber shall prevail against him .
And the Diamond sparkled and gleamed with vivid , violet flashes , so that the Beetle was glad to shade his eyes .
Every body is so surprized ; and every body says the same obliging things .
15 : 1 Then sang Moses and the children of Israel this song unto the LORD , and spake , saying , I will sing unto the LORD , for he hath triumphed gloriously : the horse and his rider hath he thrown into the sea .
15 : 17 And it came to pass , when he had made an end of speaking , that he cast away the jawbone out of his hand , and called that place Ramathlehi .
3 : 14 Sing , O daughter of Zion ; shout , O Israel ; be glad and rejoice with all the heart , O daughter of Jerusalem .
They both seemed delighted with their drive ; but said only in general terms that they had kept in the lanes , while the others went on the downs .
4 : 1 I therefore , the prisoner of the Lord , beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called , 4 : 2 With all lowliness and meekness , with longsuffering , forbearing one another in love ; 4 : 3 Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace .
22 : 12 And all the prophets prophesied so , saying , Go up to Ramothgilead , and prosper : for the LORD shall deliver it into the king ' s hand .
8 : 3 Of the sons of Shechaniah , of the sons of Pharosh ; Zechariah : and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty .
51 : 18 There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth ; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all the sons that she hath brought up .
It grew dusk , and the Little Fir Tree began to hear strange sounds through the closed doors .
Knightley .
Elton was a vain woman , extremely well satisfied with herself , and thinking much of her own importance ; that she meant to shine and be very superior , but with manners which had been formed in a bad school , pert and familiar ; that all her notions were drawn from one set of people , and one style of living ; that if not foolish she was ignorant , and that her society would certainly do Mr .
These were thoughts , with their attendant visions , which occupied and flurried her too much to leave her any power of observation ; and she passed along the room without having a glimpse of him , without even trying to discern him .
29 : 22 Therefore thus saith the LORD , who redeemed Abraham , concerning the house of Jacob , Jacob shall not now be ashamed , neither shall his face now wax pale .
37 : 9 And he dreamed yet another dream , and told it his brethren , and said , Behold , I have dreamed a dream more ; and , behold , the sun and the moon and the eleven stars made obeisance to me .
89 : 38 But thou hast cast off and abhorred , thou hast been wroth with thine anointed .
We must allow for the effect of shade , you know ."
14 : 16 David therefore did as God commanded him : and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer .
6 : 21 And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten , and thou shalt gather it to thee ; and it shall be for food for thee , and for them .
19 : 19 Ye shall keep my statutes .
9 : 7 Since the days of our fathers have we been in a great trespass unto this day ; and for our iniquities have we , our kings , and our priests , been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands , to the sword , to captivity , and to a spoil , and to confusion of face , as it is this day .
Weston , you have prevailed , I hope , and these ladies will oblige us ."
6 : 4 Thou art beautiful , O my love , as Tirzah , comely as Jerusalem , terrible as an army with banners .
It was filled with little packages , all with printed labels ; and in the packages , of course , were seeds .
He treated his people carelessly and his servants cruelly , and everything he wanted he felt that he must have .
Mr .
17 : 53 And the children of Israel returned from chasing after the Philistines , and they spoiled their tents .
25 : 28 But if he be not able to restore it to him , then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that hath bought it until the year of jubile : and in the jubile it shall go out , and he shall return unto his possession .
5 : 15 Hate the evil , and love the good , and establish judgment in the gate : it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious unto the remnant of Joseph .
My throat is parched for want of water .
It was the first of the long , slow strokes that mark midnight !
101 : 3 I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes : I hate the work of them that turn aside ; it shall not cleave to me .
On quitting the Cobb , they all went in - doors with their new friends , and found rooms so small as none but those who invite from the heart could think capable of accommodating so many .
That you may have less difficulty in believing this boast , of my present perfect indifference ," she continued , " I will farther tell you , that there was a period in the early part of our acquaintance , when I did like him , when I was very much disposed to be attached to him -- nay , was attached -- and how it came to cease , is perhaps the wonder .
Dashwood was acting on motives of policy as well as pleasure in the frequency of her visits at Delaford ; for her wish of bringing Marianne and Colonel Brandon together was hardly less earnest , though rather more liberal than what John had expressed .
2 : 32 And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head , who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he , and slew them with the sword , my father David not knowing thereof , to wit , Abner the son of Ner , captain of the host of Israel , and Amasa the son of Jether , captain of the host of Judah .
He trifles here ," said he , " as to the temptation .
6 : 17 And Elisha prayed , and said , LORD , I pray thee , open his eyes , that he may see .
26 : 15 To Obededom southward ; and to his sons the house of Asuppim .
She admired him for contriving it , though not able to give him much credit for the manner in which it was announced .
That was another surprise .
Goddard ' s drawing - room ; and of her having an upper maid who had lived five - and - twenty years with her ; and of their having eight cows , two of them Alderneys , and one a little Welch cow , a very pretty little Welch cow indeed ; and of Mrs .
wouldest thou be spoken for to the king , or to the captain of the host ?
very well ; time will explain ."
7 : 21 And he set up the pillars in the porch of the temple : and he set up the right pillar , and called the name thereof Jachin : and he set up the left pillar , and called the name thereof Boaz .
And I declare if she is not gone away without finishing her wine !
He was very warmly thanked both by mother and daughter ; to escape a little from the latter , he went to the pianoforte , and begged Miss Fairfax , who was still sitting at it , to play something more . "
44 : 12 The smith with the tongs both worketh in the coals , and fashioneth it with hammers , and worketh it with the strength of his arms : yea , he is hungry , and his strength faileth : he drinketh no water , and is faint .
21 : 33 The clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him , and every man shall draw after him , as there are innumerable before him .
or why the breasts that I should suck ?
5 : 33 But the woman fearing and trembling , knowing what was done in her , came and fell down before him , and told him all the truth .
" Him !-- never , never .
The sexes sprang from shame and pride , Blown in the morn , in evening died ; But mercy changed death into sleep ; The sexes rose to work and weep .
34 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 34 : 2 Command the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye come into the land of Canaan ; ( this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance , even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof :) 34 : 3 Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom , and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward : 34 : 4 And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim , and pass on to Zin : and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea , and shall go on to Hazaraddar , and pass on to Azmon : 34 : 5 And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of Egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
25 : 9 The meek will he guide in judgment : and the meek will he teach his way .
" I have a notion ," said Lucy , " you think the little Middletons rather too much indulged ; perhaps they may be the outside of enough ; but it is so natural in Lady Middleton ; and for my part , I love to see children full of life and spirits ; I cannot bear them if they are tame and quiet ."
3 : 9 And Joshua said unto the children of Israel , Come hither , and hear the words of the LORD your God .
Lord bless me !
119 : 20 My soul breaketh for the longing that it hath unto thy judgments at all times .
24 : 14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations ; and then shall the end come .
And Joram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out , each in his chariot , and they went out against Jehu , and met him in the portion of Naboth the Jezreelite .
But they would have been improved by some share of his frankness and warmth ; and her visit was long enough to detract something from their first admiration , by shewing that , though perfectly well - bred , she was reserved , cold , and had nothing to say for herself beyond the most common - place inquiry or remark .
19 : 28 For all of my father ' s house were but dead men before my lord the king : yet didst thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table .
Again he measured a thousand , and brought me through ; the waters were to the loins .
Elinor wished very much to ask whether Willoughby were then in town , but she was afraid of giving him pain by any enquiry after his rival ; and at length , by way of saying something , she asked if he had been in London ever since she had seen him last . "
She thought it was time to make up .
I shall be sure to say three dull things as soon as ever I open my mouth , shan ' t I ?
Elinor , too , was deeply afflicted ; but still she could struggle , she could exert herself .
" Oh !
17 : 4 Concerning the works of men , by the word of thy lips I have kept me from the paths of the destroyer .
55 : 1 Give ear to my prayer , O God ; and hide not thyself from my supplication .
4 : 2 But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings ; and ye shall go forth , and grow up as calves of the stall .
30 : 13 And Leah said , Happy am I , for the daughters will call me blessed : and she called his name Asher .
and from whence come ye ?
that ' s a great pity ; for I assure you , Miss Woodhouse , where the waters do agree , it is quite wonderful the relief they give .
" You must not talk so , Marianne .
3 : 16 He hath also broken my teeth with gravel stones , he hath covered me with ashes .
Elton ' s house , which , as well as the church , he would go and look at , and would not join them in finding much fault with .
13 : 11 And Samuel said , What hast thou done ?
36 : 26 But the king commanded Jerahmeel the son of Hammelech , and Seraiah the son of Azriel , and Shelemiah the son of Abdeel , to take Baruch the scribe and Jeremiah the prophet : but the LORD hid them .
Here she took out her handkerchief ; but Elinor did not feel very compassionate . "
45 : 15 With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought : they shall enter into the king ' s palace .
did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone upon him from the wall , that he died in Thebez ?
Good old Mrs .
She and Mr .
21 : 12 Jesus saith unto them , Come and dine .
69 : 7 Because for thy sake I have borne reproach ; shame hath covered my face .
19 : 28 And when they heard these sayings , they were full of wrath , and cried out , saying , Great is Diana of the Ephesians .
83 : 11 Make their nobles like Oreb , and like Zeeb : yea , all their princes as Zebah , and as Zalmunna : 83 : 12 Who said , Let us take to ourselves the houses of God in possession .
9 : 53 And they did not receive him , because his face was as though he would go to Jerusalem .
Elton , with a most satisfied smile ."
2 : 47 And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers .
11 : 7 What then ?
And they all condemned him to be guilty of death .
CHAPTER XVIII Mr .
87 : 1 His foundation is in the holy mountains .
The sons of Isaac ; Esau and Israel .
30 : 5 Every word of God is pure : he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him .
19 : 8 Then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces , and spread their net over him : he was taken in their pit .
19 : 3 And her husband arose , and went after her , to speak friendly unto her , and to bring her again , having his servant with him , and a couple of asses : and she brought him into her father ' s house : and when the father of the damsel saw him , he rejoiced to meet him .
" What is the matter , sir ?-- Did you speak to me ?"
Churchill had made a point of it , as a token of respect to the wife he had so very recently lost ; and every body admitted it to be no more than due decorum ."
7 : 12 And ye suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother ; 7 : 13 Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition , which ye have delivered : and many such like things do ye .
and what hast thou that thou didst not receive ?
Well , sir ," said Elinor , who , though pitying him , grew impatient for his departure , " and this is all ?"
The brethren which are with me greet you .
John Dashwood ' s card .
7 : 19 Then I would know the truth of the fourth beast , which was diverse from all the others , exceeding dreadful , whose teeth were of iron , and his nails of brass ; which devoured , brake in pieces , and stamped the residue with his feet ; 7 : 20 And of the ten horns that were in his head , and of the other which came up , and before whom three fell ; even of that horn that had eyes , and a mouth that spake very great things , whose look was more stout than his fellows .
14 : 9 And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim .
14 : 7 Nevertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud , or of them that divide the cloven hoof ; as the camel , and the hare , and the coney : for they chew the cud , but divide not the hoof ; therefore they are unclean unto you .
25 : 8 And they cast lots , ward against ward , as well the small as the great , the teacher as the scholar .
said she , in a low and disappointed voice , as she turned away to the window . "
Within a fortnight .
19 : 7 All the brethren of the poor do hate him : how much more do his friends go far from him ?
He asked my opinion as to what he was now to do .
16 : 10 And gladness is taken away , and joy out of the plentiful field ; and in the vineyards there shall be no singing , neither shall there be shouting : the treaders shall tread out no wine in their presses ; I have made their vintage shouting to cease .
127 : 2 It is vain for you to rise up early , to sit up late , to eat the bread of sorrows : for so he giveth his beloved sleep .
You owe me no apologies ; and every body to whom you might be supposed to owe them , is so perfectly satisfied , so delighted even --" " You are very kind , but I know what my manners were to you .-- So cold and artificial !-- I had always a part to act .-- It was a life of deceit !-- I know that I must have disgusted you ."
12 : 37 And on the other side of Jordan , of the Reubenites , and the Gadites , and of the half tribe of Manasseh , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle , an hundred and twenty thousand .
He opened every little drawer and looked in , but it wasn ' t in any of the drawers ; he peeped on every shelf , but it wasn ' t on a shelf ; he hunted in every closet , but it wasn ' t in there .
" They talked a great deal about him , especially Anne Cox .
3 : 14 Thou didst strike through with his staves the head of his villages : they came out as a whirlwind to scatter me : their rejoicing was as to devour the poor secretly .
For he said , I will appease him with the present that goeth before me , and afterward I will see his face ; peradventure he will accept of me .
35 : 6 And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge , which ye shall appoint for the manslayer , that he may flee thither : and to them ye shall add forty and two cities .
And he went in in my sight .
7 : 25 Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him , seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them .
And he answered me , These are the horns which have scattered Judah , Israel , and Jerusalem .
Uppercross was a moderate - sized village , which a few years back had been completely in the old English style , containing only two houses superior in appearance to those of the yeomen and labourers ; the mansion of the squire , with its high walls , great gates , and old trees , substantial and unmodernized , and the compact , tight parsonage , enclosed in its own neat garden , with a vine and a pear - tree trained round its casements ; but upon the marriage of the young ' squire , it had received the improvement of a farm - house elevated into a cottage , for his residence , and Uppercross Cottage , with its veranda , French windows , and other prettiness , was quite as likely to catch the traveller ' s eye as the more consistent and considerable aspect and premises of the Great House , about a quarter of a mile farther on .
24 : 3 The land shall be utterly emptied , and utterly spoiled : for the LORD hath spoken this word .
4 : 31 While the word was in the king ' s mouth , there fell a voice from heaven , saying , O king Nebuchadnezzar , to thee it is spoken ; The kingdom is departed from thee .
5 : 7 Blessed are the merciful : for they shall obtain mercy .
19 : 13 And it was so , when Elijah heard it , that he wrapped his face in his mantle , and went out , and stood in the entering in of the cave .
and this dear parlour in which our acquaintance first began , and in which so many happy hours have been since spent by us together , you would degrade to the condition of a common entrance , and every body would be eager to pass through the room which has hitherto contained within itself more real accommodation and comfort than any other apartment of the handsomest dimensions in the world could possibly afford ."
Mr .
25 : 41 Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand , Depart from me , ye cursed , into everlasting fire , prepared for the devil and his angels : 25 : 42 For I was an hungred , and ye gave me no meat : I was thirsty , and ye gave me no drink : 25 : 43 I was a stranger , and ye took me not in : naked , and ye clothed me not : sick , and in prison , and ye visited me not .
It would not be a great match for Henrietta , but Charles has a very fair chance , through the Spicers , of getting something from the Bishop in the course of a year or two ; and you will please to remember , that he is the eldest son ; whenever my uncle dies , he steps into very pretty property .
31 : 28 Her children arise up , and call her blessed ; her husband also , and he praiseth her .
6 : 27 He delivereth and rescueth , and he worketh signs and wonders in heaven and in earth , who hath delivered Daniel from the power of the lions .
Mrs .
49 : 2 And he hath made my mouth like a sharp sword ; in the shadow of his hand hath he hid me , and made me a polished shaft ; in his quiver hath he hid me ; 49 : 3 And said unto me , Thou art my servant , O Israel , in whom I will be glorified .
5 : 1 But a certain man named Ananias , with Sapphira his wife , sold a possession , 5 : 2 And kept back part of the price , his wife also being privy to it , and brought a certain part , and laid it at the apostles ' feet .
Can you really ?"
How Anne ' s more rigid requisitions might have been taken is of little consequence .
7 : 11 Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest , the scribe , even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD , and of his statutes to Israel .
So Daniel was taken up out of the den , and no manner of hurt was found upon him , because he believed in his God .
26 : 9 Why hast thou prophesied in the name of the LORD , saying , This house shall be like Shiloh , and this city shall be desolate without an inhabitant ?
Talks of his being going on so well !
40 : 21 And he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again ; and he gave the cup into Pharaoh ' s hand : 40 : 22 But he hanged the chief baker : as Joseph had interpreted to them .
26 : 21 And they digged another well , and strove for that also : and he called the name of it Sitnah .
Shall I mention to him your being in Bath ?
6 : 2 Pass ye unto Calneh , and see ; and from thence go ye to Hamath the great : then go down to Gath of the Philistines : be they better than these kingdoms ?
12 : 47 And that servant , which knew his lord ' s will , and prepared not himself , neither did according to his will , shall be beaten with many stripes .
He was now esteemed quite worthy to address the daughter of a foolish , spendthrift baronet , who had not had principle or sense enough to maintain himself in the situation in which Providence had placed him , and who could give his daughter at present but a small part of the share of ten thousand pounds which must be hers hereafter .
22 : 29 For thou art my lamp , O LORD : and the LORD will lighten my darkness .
24 : 8 And Moses took the blood , and sprinkled it on the people , and said , Behold the blood of the covenant , which the LORD hath made with you concerning all these words .
The Bath paper one morning announced the arrival of the Dowager Viscountess Dalrymple , and her daughter , the Honourable Miss Carteret ; and all the comfort of No .--, Camden Place , was swept away for many days ; for the Dalrymples ( in Anne ' s opinion , most unfortunately ) were cousins of the Elliots ; and the agony was how to introduce themselves properly .
8 : 20 And when the men of Ai looked behind them , they saw , and , behold , the smoke of the city ascended up to heaven , and they had no power to flee this way or that way : and the people that fled to the wilderness turned back upon the pursuers .
112 : 7 He shall not be afraid of evil tidings : his heart is fixed , trusting in the LORD .
26 : 15 And he made in Jerusalem engines , invented by cunning men , to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks , to shoot arrows and great stones withal .
38 : 3 Gird up now thy loins like a man ; for I will demand of thee , and answer thou me .
Then there would always be company for them .
12 : 31 Thou shalt not do so unto the LORD thy God : for every abomination to the LORD , which he hateth , have they done unto their gods ; for even their sons and their daughters they have burnt in the fire to their gods .
21 : 14 And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple ; and he healed them .
And I answered him , I am an Amalekite .
Oh , Willoughby , Willoughby , could this be yours !
1 : 42 And while he yet spake , behold , Jonathan the son of Abiathar the priest came ; and Adonijah said unto him , Come in ; for thou art a valiant man , and bringest good tidings .
The First Epistle of Paul the Apostle to Timothy 1 : 1 Paul , an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our Saviour , and Lord Jesus Christ , which is our hope ; 1 : 2 Unto Timothy , my own son in the faith : Grace , mercy , and peace , from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord .
Ferrars does not know what she may be doing -- what she may drive her son to .
Just the kind of girl I should suppose likely to captivate poor Edward .
Knightley suspected in Frank Churchill the determination of catching her eye -- he seemed watching her intently -- in vain , however , if it were so -- Jane passed between them into the hall , and looked at neither .
16 : 17 Thou hast also taken thy fair jewels of my gold and of my silver , which I had given thee , and madest to thyself images of men , and didst commit whoredom with them , 16 : 18 And tookest thy broidered garments , and coveredst them : and thou hast set mine oil and mine incense before them .
19 : 27 But I know thy abode , and thy going out , and thy coming in , and thy rage against me .
10 : 35 For I am come to set a man at variance against his father , and the daughter against her mother , and the daughter in law against her mother in law .
And the men of the city told him , It is the sepulchre of the man of God , which came from Judah , and proclaimed these things that thou hast done against the altar of Bethel .
She was out ; and I felt it impossible not to wait till she came in .
21 : 8 And the LORD said unto Moses , Make thee a fiery serpent , and set it upon a pole : and it shall come to pass , that every one that is bitten , when he looketh upon it , shall live .
Oh , please , dear , strong Mr Whale ," he said , " will you have the great kindness to do me a favour ?
32 : 19 And they spake against the God of Jerusalem , as against the gods of the people of the earth , which were the work of the hands of man .
44 : 19 And when they go forth into the utter court , even into the utter court to the people , they shall put off their garments wherein they ministered , and lay them in the holy chambers , and they shall put on other garments ; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments .
Were I to fall in love , indeed , it would be a different thing !
11 : 11 Wherefore ?
He had seen you indeed , before he came to Bath , and admired you , but without knowing it to be you .
5 : 17 And Naaman said , Shall there not then , I pray thee , be given to thy servant two mules ' burden of earth ?
14 : 36 And he said , Abba , Father , all things are possible unto thee ; take away this cup from me : nevertheless not what I will , but what thou wilt .
5 : 38 But new wine must be put into new bottles ; and both are preserved .
I should not be helped so soon , but it smells most excellent , and I cannot help beginning ."
6 : 18 Brethren , the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit .
39 : 3 And they did beat the gold into thin plates , and cut it into wires , to work it in the blue , and in the purple , and in the scarlet , and in the fine linen , with cunning work .
" Well , and that is as early as most men can afford to marry , who are not born to an independence .
2 : 1 Again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD , and Satan came also among them to present himself before the LORD .
108 : 13 Through God we shall do valiantly : for he it is that shall tread down our enemies .
11 : 38 And he said , Go .
The situation of Barton , in a county so far distant from Sussex as Devonshire , which , but a few hours before , would have been a sufficient objection to outweigh every possible advantage belonging to the place , was now its first recommendation .
21 : 20 And if a man smite his servant , or his maid , with a rod , and he die under his hand ; he shall be surely punished .
16 : 39 And I will also give thee into their hand , and they shall throw down thine eminent place , and shall break down thy high places : they shall strip thee also of thy clothes , and shall take thy fair jewels , and leave thee naked and bare .
I was once very near -- and I wish I had -- it would have been better .
Jennings much more than civility ; and civility of the commonest kind must prevent such a hasty removal as that ."
no -- far from it -- certainly plain .
130 : 8 And he shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities .
" At present ," continued Elinor , " he regrets what he has done .
There was too much wind to make the high part of the new Cobb pleasant for the ladies , and they agreed to get down the steps to the lower , and all were contented to pass quietly and carefully down the steep flight , excepting Louisa ; she must be jumped down them by Captain Wentworth .
Martin did not speak yesterday ?"
John Dashwood wished it likewise ; but in the mean while , till one of these superior blessings could be attained , it would have quieted her ambition to see him driving a barouche .
7 : 8 And he came to Jerusalem in the fifth month , which was in the seventh year of the king .
2 : 7 They answered again and said , Let the king tell his servants the dream , and we will shew the interpretation of it .
22 : 14 And if a man borrow ought of his neighbour , and it be hurt , or die , the owner thereof being not with it , he shall surely make it good .
no , nothing should tempt me to leave her .
32 : 3 And all the people brake off the golden earrings which were in their ears , and brought them unto Aaron .
For the greatness of thine iniquity are thy skirts discovered , and thy heels made bare .
Her observation had been pretty correct .
2 : 34 And we took all his cities at that time , and utterly destroyed the men , and the women , and the little ones , of every city , we left none to remain : 2 : 35 Only the cattle we took for a prey unto ourselves , and the spoil of the cities which we took .
or canst thou thunder with a voice like him ?
But the question is not , whether it would be a bad connexion for him , but whether he wishes it ; and I think he does .
32 : 5 The vile person shall be no more called liberal , nor the churl said to be bountiful .
It is a melancholy consideration .
" I am sorry I do NOT ," said Elinor , in great astonishment , " if it could be of any use to YOU to know my opinion of her .
4 : 9 And Hatach came and told Esther the words of Mordecai .
Her skin was very brown , but , from its transparency , her complexion was uncommonly brilliant ; her features were all good ; her smile was sweet and attractive ; and in her eyes , which were very dark , there was a life , a spirit , an eagerness , which could hardily be seen without delight .
1 : 29 And forthwith , when they were come out of the synagogue , they entered into the house of Simon and Andrew , with James and John .
Emma pondered a moment , and then replied , " I will not pretend _not_ to understand you ; and to give you all the relief in my power , be assured that no such effect has followed his attentions to me , as you are apprehensive of ."
" But , my dear sir , the difference of the journey ;-- only consider how great it would have been .-- An hundred miles , perhaps , instead of forty ."
14 : 8 And the LORD hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt , and he pursued after the children of Israel : and the children of Israel went out with an high hand .
Dashwood ?
17 : 58 And Saul said to him , Whose son art thou , thou young man ?
10 : 14 For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified .
And such a noble fire !-- I am quite roasted .
That Emma was his object appeared indisputable .
It will be the only difference ."
27 : 23 And he discerned him not , because his hands were hairy , as his brother Esau ' s hands : so he blessed him .
119 : 36 Incline my heart unto thy testimonies , and not to covetousness .
They will have no carriage , no horses , and hardly any servants ; they will keep no company , and can have no expenses of any kind !
19 : 35 And when the townclerk had appeased the people , he said , Ye men of Ephesus , what man is there that knoweth not how that the city of the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana , and of the image which fell down from Jupiter ?
27 : 34 In the time when thou shalt be broken by the seas in the depths of the waters thy merchandise and all thy company in the midst of thee shall fall .
Then he thought , suddenly , " I ' ll deceive him !"
13 : 11 When I was a child , I spake as a child , I understood as a child , I thought as a child : but when I became a man , I put away childish things .
Sleeping Lyca lay While the beasts of prey , Come from caverns deep , Viewed the maid asleep .
" Is not this song worth staying for ?"
She was sure of a pleasant reception ; and her friend seemed this morning particularly obliged to her for coming , seemed hardly to have expected her , though it had been an appointment .
6 : 13 He winketh with his eyes , he speaketh with his feet , he teacheth with his fingers ; 6 : 14 Frowardness is in his heart , he deviseth mischief continually ; he soweth discord .
In all their walks , he had had to jump her from the stiles ; the sensation was delightful to her .
Mr .
24 : 21 But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel : and beside all this , to day is the third day since these things were done .
15 : 12 Then all the multitude kept silence , and gave audience to Barnabas and Paul , declaring what miracles and wonders God had wrought among the Gentiles by them .
21 : 4 My heart panted , fearfulness affrighted me : the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me .
23 : 9 And call no man your father upon the earth : for one is your Father , which is in heaven .
Goddard ' s -- I do not know -- No , I think , Miss Woodhouse , I may just as well have it sent to Hartfield , and take it home with me at night .
I ' ll go no nearer to him ."
46 : 11 Go up into Gilead , and take balm , O virgin , the daughter of Egypt : in vain shalt thou use many medicines ; for thou shalt not be cured .
Thirteen years had passed away since Lady Elliot ' s death , and they were still near neighbours and intimate friends , and one remained a widower , the other a widow .
They could not listen to her description of him .
Former provocations reappeared .
and Mrs .
39 : 12 Wilt thou believe him , that he will bring home thy seed , and gather it into thy barn ?
8 : 20 And when the seven among four thousand , how many baskets full of fragments took ye up ?
As Elinor was neither musical , nor affecting to be so , she made no scruple of turning her eyes from the grand pianoforte , whenever it suited her , and unrestrained even by the presence of a harp , and violoncello , would fix them at pleasure on any other object in the room .
` How could he contrive to come ?
He staid an hour with them .
But when satisfied on all these points , and their acquaintance proportionably advanced , he contrived to find an opportunity , while their two fathers were engaged with each other , of introducing his mother - in - law , and speaking of her with so much handsome praise , so much warm admiration , so much gratitude for the happiness she secured to his father , and her very kind reception of himself , as was an additional proof of his knowing how to please -- and of his certainly thinking it worth while to try to please her .
But here , Elinor could neither wonder nor blame ; and when she saw , as she assisted Marianne from the carriage , that she had been crying , she saw only an emotion too natural in itself to raise any thing less tender than pity , and in its unobtrusiveness entitled to praise .
3 : 7 But Jesus withdrew himself with his disciples to the sea : and a great multitude from Galilee followed him , and from Judaea , 3 : 8 And from Jerusalem , and from Idumaea , and from beyond Jordan ; and they about Tyre and Sidon , a great multitude , when they had heard what great things he did , came unto him .
41 : 9 Thou whom I have taken from the ends of the earth , and called thee from the chief men thereof , and said unto thee , Thou art my servant ; I have chosen thee , and not cast thee away .
You are going in , I suppose ?"
69 : 26 For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten ; and they talk to the grief of those whom thou hast wounded .
" Indifferent !
In the way of love , I am sure he does not .
Goddard ' s unavoidable absences , and raise her spirits by representing how much Mr .
22 : 35 Then one of them , which was a lawyer , asked him a question , tempting him , and saying , 22 : 36 Master , which is the great commandment in the law ?
How can you be so unjust ?
9 : 10 And they kept that saying with themselves , questioning one with another what the rising from the dead should mean .
4 : 3 But if our gospel be hid , it is hid to them that are lost : 4 : 4 In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not , lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ , who is the image of God , should shine unto them .
" I rather wonder that it was never made before ."
37 : 4 Delight thyself also in the LORD : and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart .
There was consciousness , animation , and warmth ; there was every thing which her countenance or manner could ever have wanted .-- She came forward with an offered hand ; and said , in a low , but very feeling tone , " This is most kind , indeed !-- Miss Woodhouse , it is impossible for me to express -- I hope you will believe -- Excuse me for being so entirely without words ."
114 : 3 The sea saw it , and fled : Jordan was driven back .
O grave , where is thy victory ?
4 : 15 And the LORD spake unto Joshua , saying , 4 : 16 Command the priests that bear the ark of the testimony , that they come up out of Jordan .
Backward went the crab .
Ferrars ' s name by Miss Steele when alluded to , or even openly mentioned by Sir John .
32 : 32 Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the sinew which shrank , which is upon the hollow of the thigh , unto this day : because he touched the hollow of Jacob ' s thigh in the sinew that shrank .
30 : 7 LORD , by thy favour thou hast made my mountain to stand strong : thou didst hide thy face , and I was troubled .
I have all sorts of fine things to eat every day .
15 : 10 With us are both the grayheaded and very aged men , much elder than thy father .
He was ordered to walk to keep off the gout , and Mrs Croft seemed to go shares with him in everything , and to walk for her life to do him good .
I will , then ," said the little Red Hen , and she took the wheat to the mill .
said she , as they proceeded -- speaking more to assist Mr .
36 : 5 And Jeremiah commanded Baruch , saying , I am shut up ; I cannot go into the house of the LORD : 36 : 6 Therefore go thou , and read in the roll , which thou hast written from my mouth , the words of the LORD in the ears of the people in the LORD ' s house upon the fasting day : and also thou shalt read them in the ears of all Judah that come out of their cities .
And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem , over against their brethren .
She paused over it for some time with indignant astonishment ; then read it again and again ; but every perusal only served to increase her abhorrence of the man , and so bitter were her feelings against him , that she dared not trust herself to speak , lest she might wound Marianne still deeper by treating their disengagement , not as a loss to her of any possible good but as an escape from the worst and most irremediable of all evils , a connection , for life , with an unprincipled man , as a deliverance the most real , a blessing the most important .
What Edward felt , as he could not say it himself , it cannot be expected that any one else should say for him .
7 : 6 For the LORD had made the host of the Syrians to hear a noise of chariots , and a noise of horses , even the noise of a great host : and they said one to another , Lo , the king of Israel hath hired against us the kings of the Hittites , and the kings of the Egyptians , to come upon us .
27 : 9 And thou shalt make the court of the tabernacle : for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of an hundred cubits long for one side : 27 : 10 And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass ; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver .
12 : 6 Cry out and shout , thou inhabitant of Zion : for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee .
A child on the watch , came towards them to beg ; and Miss Bickerton , excessively frightened , gave a great scream , and calling on Harriet to follow her , ran up a steep bank , cleared a slight hedge at the top , and made the best of her way by a short cut back to Highbury .
He joined them ; but , as if irresolute whether to join or to pass on , said nothing , only looked .
I absolutely cannot do without music .
9 : 30 And he sent the letters unto all the Jews , to the hundred twenty and seven provinces of the kingdom of Ahasuerus , with words of peace and truth , 9 : 31 To confirm these days of Purim in their times appointed , according as Mordecai the Jew and Esther the queen had enjoined them , and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed , the matters of the fastings and their cry .
I am , dear Madam , " Your most obedient " humble servant , " JOHN WILLOUGHBY ."
He was so much displeased , that it was longer than usual before he came to Hartfield again ; and when they did meet , his grave looks shewed that she was not forgiven .
I have thought only of you .
How surprised you will be , Willoughby , on receiving this ; and I think you will feel something more than surprise , when you know that I am in town .
6 : 22 And the whole house he overlaid with gold , until he had finished all the house : also the whole altar that was by the oracle he overlaid with gold .
23 : 3 And David ' s men said unto him , Behold , we be afraid here in Judah : how much more then if we come to Keilah against the armies of the Philistines ?
11 : 18 And Rehoboam took him Mahalath the daughter of Jerimoth the son of David to wife , and Abihail the daughter of Eliab the son of Jesse ; 11 : 19 Which bare him children ; Jeush , and Shamariah , and Zaham .
7 : 30 But the Pharisees and lawyers rejected the counsel of God against themselves , being not baptized of him .
It was a box , quite a big box , with a label on it that said :-- MISS MARGERY BROWN , PRIMROSE COTTAGE , 21 NARCISSUS ROAD , COLCHESTER .
74 : 8 They said in their hearts , Let us destroy them together : they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land .
3 : 13 And who is he that will harm you , if ye be followers of that which is good ?
2 : 20 And he said unto his daughters , And where is he ?
11 : 15 And the LORD said unto me , Take unto thee yet the instruments of a foolish shepherd .
More and more I push forth my leaves , till out I burst in a gay green dress , and nod in joy and pride .
And as to my father , I really should not have thought that he , who has kept himself single so long for our sakes , need be suspected now .
16 : 22 If any man love not the Lord Jesus Christ , let him be Anathema Maranatha .
And the more sensibility you betray of their just horrors , the more I shall like you ."
45 : 1 Moreover , when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance , ye shall offer an oblation unto the LORD , an holy portion of the land : the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds , and the breadth shall be ten thousand .
I made the match , you know , four years ago ; and to have it take place , and be proved in the right , when so many people said Mr .
And the cow couldn ' t catch him .
27 : 6 And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon , my servant ; and the beasts of the field have I given him also to serve him .
The weather soon improved enough for those to move who must move ; and Mr .
His professions and his proposals did him no service .
23 : 27 Thus will I make thy lewdness to cease from thee , and thy whoredom brought from the land of Egypt : so that thou shalt not lift up thine eyes unto them , nor remember Egypt any more .
23 : 21 He hath not beheld iniquity in Jacob , neither hath he seen perverseness in Israel : the LORD his God is with him , and the shout of a king is among them .
If ever there were people who , without having great wealth themselves , had every thing they could wish for , I am sure it is us .
Of the tribe of Issachar were sealed twelve thousand .
2 : 5 And David sent messengers unto the men of Jabeshgilead , and said unto them , Blessed be ye of the LORD , that ye have shewed this kindness unto your lord , even unto Saul , and have buried him .
He sends us a sack every year ; and certainly there never was such a keeping apple anywhere as one of his trees -- I believe there is two of them .
In his preceding attempts to attach himself to Louisa Musgrove ( the attempts of angry pride ), he protested that he had for ever felt it to be impossible ; that he had not cared , could not care , for Louisa ; though till that day , till the leisure for reflection which followed it , he had not understood the perfect excellence of the mind with which Louisa ' s could so ill bear a comparison , or the perfect unrivalled hold it possessed over his own .
If not in our dispositions ," she presently added , with a look of true sensibility , " there is a likeness in our destiny ; the destiny which bids fair to connect us with two characters so much superior to our own ."
147 : 10 He delighteth not in the strength of the horse : he taketh not pleasure in the legs of a man .
He understood what would be welcome ; he could be sure of little else . "
46 : 9 He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth ; he breaketh the bow , and cutteth the spear in sunder ; he burneth the chariot in the fire .
15 : 24 And Saul said unto Samuel , I have sinned : for I have transgressed the commandment of the LORD , and thy words : because I feared the people , and obeyed their voice .
20 : 7 Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land , and said , Mark , I pray you , and see how this man seeketh mischief : for he sent unto me for my wives , and for my children , and for my silver , and for my gold ; and I denied him not .
29 : 30 Moreover Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the LORD with the words of David , and of Asaph the seer .
Emma saw how Mr .
And if any man sin , we have an advocate with the Father , Jesus Christ the righteous : 2 : 2 And he is the propitiation for our sins : and not for our ' s only , but also for the sins of the whole world .
1 : 12 For the inhabitant of Maroth waited carefully for good : but evil came down from the LORD unto the gate of Jerusalem .
11 : 47 Woe unto you !
were the first words which burst from Captain Wentworth , in a tone of despair , and as if all his own strength were gone . "
46 : 17 They did cry there , Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a noise ; he hath passed the time appointed .
4 : 5 But to him that worketh not , but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly , his faith is counted for righteousness .
So it ceased unto the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia .
But I don ' t think mine would be , to make one son independent , because another had plagued me ."
15 : 45 And when he knew it of the centurion , he gave the body to Joseph .
26 : 1 Judge me , O LORD ; for I have walked in mine integrity : I have trusted also in the LORD ; therefore I shall not slide .
2 : 29 And Abner and his men walked all that night through the plain , and passed over Jordan , and went through all Bithron , and they came to Mahanaim .
" Perhaps it is to tell you that your cousin Fanny is married ?"
21 : 19 And it came to pass , that in process of time , after the end of two years , his bowels fell out by reason of his sickness : so he died of sore diseases .
35 : 15 And Jacob called the name of the place where God spake with him , Bethel .
Behold , he winnoweth barley to night in the threshingfloor .
22 : 2 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD , and walked in all the way of David his father , and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left .
17 : 9 And Micah said unto him , Whence comest thou ?
for shame !
37 : 37 So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed , and went and returned , and dwelt at Nineveh .
Elinor did not offer to detain him ; and they parted , with a very earnest assurance on HER side of her unceasing good wishes for his happiness in every change of situation that might befall him ; on HIS , with rather an attempt to return the same good will , than the power of expressing it . "
But Paul , being grieved , turned and said to the spirit , I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her .
57 : 4 Against whom do ye sport yourselves ?
1 : 44 These are those that were numbered , which Moses and Aaron numbered , and the princes of Israel , being twelve men : each one was for the house of his fathers .
The mention of the Coles was sure to be followed by that of Mr .
16 : 14 And the Pharisees also , who were covetous , heard all these things : and they derided him .
2 : 1 I exhort therefore , that , first of all , supplications , prayers , intercessions , and giving of thanks , be made for all men ; 2 : 2 For kings , and for all that are in authority ; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty .
6 : 15 My brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook , and as the stream of brooks they pass away ; 6 : 16 Which are blackish by reason of the ice , and wherein the snow is hid : 6 : 17 What time they wax warm , they vanish : when it is hot , they are consumed out of their place .
22 : 13 And the children of Israel sent unto the children of Reuben , and to the children of Gad , and to the half tribe of Manasseh , into the land of Gilead , Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest , 22 : 14 And with him ten princes , of each chief house a prince throughout all the tribes of Israel ; and each one was an head of the house of their fathers among the thousands of Israel .
4 : 10 The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children : they were their meat in the destruction of the daughter of my people .
They had Mr Elliot too .
10 : 29 Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing ?
let him not become uncircumcised .
12 : 37 For by thy words thou shalt be justified , and by thy words thou shalt be condemned .
Then all the men of Ephraim gathered themselves together , and took the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan .
27 : 5 And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia , we came to Myra , a city of Lycia .
1 : 27 Is this thing done by my lord the king , and thou hast not shewed it unto thy servant , who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
147 : 5 Great is our Lord , and of great power : his understanding is infinite .
cried Little Jack Rollaround ; and the little boat sailed faster up the wall , across the ceiling , down the wall , and over the floor .
It is not Swisserland , but it will be something for a young man so much in want of a change .
Frank Churchill sang again .
4 : 5 And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock ' s blood , and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation : 4 : 6 And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood , and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD , before the vail of the sanctuary .
3 : 4 And Jonah began to enter into the city a day ' s journey , and he cried , and said , Yet forty days , and Nineveh shall be overthrown .
I have not known him long indeed , but I am much better acquainted with him , than I am with any other creature in the world , except yourself and mama .
He made her no answer ; and only observed , after again examining the room , that it was very low pitched , and that the ceiling was crooked .
It is such a pretty charade , my dear , that I can easily guess what fairy brought it .-- Nobody could have written so prettily , but you , Emma ."
3 : 18 And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest , but to them that believed not ?
" To be sure ," said Harriet , in a mortified voice , " he is not so genteel as real gentlemen ."
for the LORD hath created a new thing in the earth , A woman shall compass a man .
One , two , three , came out plump and fluffy ; but when the fourth shell broke , out came a little half - chick !
24 : 20 For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah , until he had cast them out from his presence , that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon .
23 : 21 I have not sent these prophets , yet they ran : I have not spoken to them , yet they prophesied .
Frank Churchill did not come .
26 : 17 And I will set my face against you , and ye shall be slain before your enemies : they that hate you shall reign over you ; and ye shall flee when none pursueth you .
12 : 16 But I will leave a few men of them from the sword , from the famine , and from the pestilence ; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
12 : 11 I am become a fool in glorying ; ye have compelled me : for I ought to have been commended of you : for in nothing am I behind the very chiefest apostles , though I be nothing .
82 : 8 Arise , O God , judge the earth : for thou shalt inherit all nations .
It was possible that you might retain the feelings of the past , as I did ; and one encouragement happened to be mine .
Dashwood as remaining there till she could accommodate herself with a house in the neighbourhood , his invitation was accepted .
But there are many works well worth reading at the Park ; and there are others of more modern production which I know I can borrow of Colonel Brandon .
17 : 14 And the LORD said unto Moses , Write this for a memorial in a book , and rehearse it in the ears of Joshua : for I will utterly put out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven .
19 : 25 Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother , and his mother ' s sister , Mary the wife of Cleophas , and Mary Magdalene .
20 : 30 So the realm of Jehoshaphat was quiet : for his God gave him rest round about .
It is a most uncommon complexion , with her dark eye - lashes and hair -- a most distinguishing complexion !
" It is not every one ," said Elinor , " who has your passion for dead leaves ."
" Never mind , Harriet , I shall not be a poor old maid ; and it is poverty only which makes celibacy contemptible to a generous public !
As Harriet now lived , the Martins could not get at her , without seeking her , where hitherto they had wanted either the courage or the condescension to seek her ; for since her refusal of the brother , the sisters never had been at Mrs .
This is very true ," said she , " at least as far as relates to me , which was all that was meant -- and it is very shameful .-- Of the same age -- and always knowing her -- I ought to have been more her friend .-- She will never like me now .
and whence comest thou ?
28 : 4 The one lamb shalt thou offer in the morning , and the other lamb shalt thou offer at even ; 28 : 5 And a tenth part of an ephah of flour for a meat offering , mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil .
15 : 9 What knowest thou , that we know not ?
They saw him step into his carriage , and in a minute it was out of sight .
she cried with more thorough gaiety , " if you fancy your brother does not do me justice , only wait till my dear father is in the secret , and hear his opinion .
I am amused by one part of John ' s letter -- did you notice it ?-- where he says , that my information did not take him wholly by surprize , that he was rather in expectation of hearing something of the kind ."
" That is what I like ; that is what a young man ought to be .
50 : 14 And Joseph returned into Egypt , he , and his brethren , and all that went up with him to bury his father , after he had buried his father .
8 : 14 Thus shalt thou separate the Levites from among the children of Israel : and the Levites shall be mine .
3 : 36 And under the custody and charge of the sons of Merari shall be the boards of the tabernacle , and the bars thereof , and the pillars thereof , and the sockets thereof , and all the vessels thereof , and all that serveth thereto , 3 : 37 And the pillars of the court round about , and their sockets , and their pins , and their cords .
144 : 5 Bow thy heavens , O LORD , and come down : touch the mountains , and they shall smoke .
This will not be your only visit to Randalls ."
3 : 11 Now God himself and our Father , and our Lord Jesus Christ , direct our way unto you .
24 : 8 David also arose afterward , and went out of the cave , and cried after Saul , saying , My lord the king .
I know it is safe out there nodding all alone , and next summer it will hold ripe berries up for me to gather again ."'"
31 : 13 Upon his ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven remain , and all the beasts of the field shall be upon his branches : 31 : 14 To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height , neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs , neither their trees stand up in their height , all that drink water : for they are all delivered unto death , to the nether parts of the earth , in the midst of the children of men , with them that go down to the pit .
39 : 25 He saith among the trumpets , Ha , ha ; and he smelleth the battle afar off , the thunder of the captains , and the shouting .
He endured too well , stood too well with every body .
shouted the little boy .
Marianne was vexed at it for her sister ' s sake , and turned her eyes towards Elinor to see how she bore these attacks , with an earnestness which gave Elinor far more pain than could arise from such common - place raillery as Mrs .
And when the Philistines saw their champion was dead , they fled .
3 : 14 The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people , that they should be ready against that day .
When you are tired of eating strawberries in the garden , there shall be cold meat in the house ."
3 : 10 For even when we were with you , this we commanded you , that if any would not work , neither should he eat .
6 : 34 And the two doors were of fir tree : the two leaves of the one door were folding , and the two leaves of the other door were folding .
He did not believe it to proceed from any thing that care and medicine might not remove , or at least that she might not have many years of existence before her ; but he could not be prevailed on , by all his father ' s doubts , to say that her complaints were merely imaginary , or that she was as strong as ever .
1 : 10 If there come any unto you , and bring not this doctrine , receive him not into your house , neither bid him God speed : 1 : 11 For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds .
What is it ?"
The older a person grows , Harriet , the more important it is that their manners should not be bad ; the more glaring and disgusting any loudness , or coarseness , or awkwardness becomes .
Here Anne had often been staying .
2 : 8 He keepeth the paths of judgment , and preserveth the way of his saints .
" Me !-- I suppose I smile for pleasure at Colonel Campbell ' s being so rich and so liberal .-- It is a handsome present ."
What an immense time Mrs Clay has been staying with Elizabeth !
5 : 10 Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of thee , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and I will execute judgments in thee , and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds .
42 : 4 He shall not fail nor be discouraged , till he have set judgment in the earth : and the isles shall wait for his law .
18 : 13 Thou shalt be perfect with the LORD thy God .
22 : 29 God forbid that we should rebel against the LORD , and turn this day from following the LORD , to build an altar for burnt offerings , for meat offerings , or for sacrifices , beside the altar of the LORD our God that is before his tabernacle .
26 : 2 He built Eloth , and restored it to Judah , after that the king slept with his fathers .
" No .
The revolution which one instant had made in Anne , was almost beyond expression .
Her opinion varying with every fresh conjecture , and all seeming equally probable as they arose .
15 : 29 Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead , if the dead rise not at all ?
" I am glad you think I have been useful to her ; but Harriet only wanted drawing out , and receiving a few , very few hints .
what shall I do ?"
That is the kind of thing that happens to people who lie : even when they tell the truth no one believes them .
23 : 5 So David and his men went to Keilah , and fought with the Philistines , and brought away their cattle , and smote them with a great slaughter .
So out he marched upon the floor Right under where she sat .
25 : 3 And Israel joined himself unto Baalpeor : and the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel .
To give the feelings or the language of Mrs .
of South Park , in the county of Gloucester , by which lady ( who died 1800 ) he has issue Elizabeth , born June 1 , 1785 ; Anne , born August 9 , 1787 ; a still - born son , November 5 , 1789 ; Mary , born November 20 , 1791 ."
5 : 1 And Hiram king of Tyre sent his servants unto Solomon ; for he had heard that they had anointed him king in the room of his father : for Hiram was ever a lover of David .
He was released without any reproach to himself , from an entanglement which had long formed his misery , from a woman whom he had long ceased to love ;-- and elevated at once to that security with another , which he must have thought of almost with despair , as soon as he had learnt to consider it with desire .
5 : 10 For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ ; that every one may receive the things done in his body , according to that he hath done , whether it be good or bad .
19 : 19 Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together , and burned them before all men : and they counted the price of them , and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver .
5 : 18 Zebulun and Naphtali were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field .
" But they like it , papa ; there is nothing they like so much .
Songs and proverbs , all talk of woman ' s fickleness .
She avoided the looks of them all , could neither eat nor speak , and after some time , on her mother ' s silently pressing her hand with tender compassion , her small degree of fortitude was quite overcome , she burst into tears and left the room .
1 : 6 Of Simeon ; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai .
14 : 27 And unto Absalom there were born three sons , and one daughter , whose name was Tamar : she was a woman of a fair countenance .
" And I am sure I should never want to go there ; for I am never happy but at Hartfield ."
20 : 15 Yet also I lifted up my hand unto them in the wilderness , that I would not bring them into the land which I had given them , flowing with milk and honey , which is the glory of all lands ; 20 : 16 Because they despised my judgments , and walked not in my statutes , but polluted my sabbaths : for their heart went after their idols .
Ferrars can have the smallest satisfaction in knowing that her son has money enough to live upon ,-- for THAT must be quite out of the question ; yet why , upon her late behaviour , is she supposed to feel at all ?-- She has done with her son , she cast him off for ever , and has made all those over whom she had any influence , cast him off likewise .
7 : 9 And Samuel took a sucking lamb , and offered it for a burnt offering wholly unto the LORD : and Samuel cried unto the LORD for Israel ; and the LORD heard him .
And who is Admiral Croft ?"
How directly , how strongly had he expressed himself to her on the subject !-- Not too strongly for the offence -- but far , far too strongly to issue from any feeling softer than upright justice and clear - sighted goodwill .-- She had no hope , nothing to deserve the name of hope , that he could have that sort of affection for herself which was now in question ; but there was a hope ( at times a slight one , at times much stronger ,) that Harriet might have deceived herself , and be overrating his regard for _her_ .-- Wish it she must , for his sake -- be the consequence nothing to herself , but his remaining single all his life .
24 : 15 And it came to pass , before he had done speaking , that , behold , Rebekah came out , who was born to Bethuel , son of Milcah , the wife of Nahor , Abraham ' s brother , with her pitcher upon her shoulder .
Weston gave Emma a look of particular meaning .
9 : 35 And Gaal the son of Ebed went out , and stood in the entering of the gate of the city : and Abimelech rose up , and the people that were with him , from lying in wait .
But his servants , together with the woman , compelled him ; and he hearkened unto their voice .
The lawyer plods , quite care - worn ; the physician is up at all hours , and travelling in all weather ; and even the clergyman --" she stopt a moment to consider what might do for the clergyman ;--" and even the clergyman , you know is obliged to go into infected rooms , and expose his health and looks to all the injury of a poisonous atmosphere .
51 : 10 Art thou not it which hath dried the sea , the waters of the great deep ; that hath made the depths of the sea a way for the ransomed to pass over ?
Therefore I fled before unto Tarshish : for I knew that thou art a gracious God , and merciful , slow to anger , and of great kindness , and repentest thee of the evil .
Knightleys ; their subjects totally distinct , or very rarely mixing -- and Emma only occasionally joining in one or the other .
7 : 4 Then came he out of the land of the Chaldaeans , and dwelt in Charran : and from thence , when his father was dead , he removed him into this land , wherein ye now dwell .
My account states , that your sister ' s friend , the lady now staying with you , whom I have heard you mention , came to Bath with Miss Elliot and Sir Walter as long ago as September ( in short when they first came themselves ), and has been staying there ever since ; that she is a clever , insinuating , handsome woman , poor and plausible , and altogether such in situation and manner , as to give a general idea , among Sir Walter ' s acquaintance , of her meaning to be Lady Elliot , and as general a surprise that Miss Elliot should be apparently , blind to the danger ."
ask for him the kingdom also ; for he is mine elder brother ; even for him , and for Abiathar the priest , and for Joab the son of Zeruiah .
8 : 20 The harvest is past , the summer is ended , and we are not saved .
saith the LORD : shall I cause to bring forth , and shut the womb ?
23 : 1 Thou shalt not raise a false report : put not thine hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness .
37 : 6 And he said unto them , Hear , I pray you , this dream which I have dreamed : 37 : 7 For , behold , we were binding sheaves in the field , and , lo , my sheaf arose , and also stood upright ; and , behold , your sheaves stood round about , and made obeisance to my sheaf .
" What is the matter now ?"
10 : 27 But the children of Belial said , How shall this man save us ?
Their claims to the notice of Mrs .
2 : 9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight , and good for food ; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden , and the tree of knowledge of good and evil .
26 : 19 Whereupon , O king Agrippa , I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision : 26 : 20 But shewed first unto them of Damascus , and at Jerusalem , and throughout all the coasts of Judaea , and then to the Gentiles , that they should repent and turn to God , and do works meet for repentance .
18 : 9 And the kings of the earth , who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her , shall bewail her , and lament for her , when they shall see the smoke of her burning , 18 : 10 Standing afar off for the fear of her torment , saying , Alas , alas that great city Babylon , that mighty city !
14 : 57 And there arose certain , and bare false witness against him , saying , 14 : 58 We heard him say , I will destroy this temple that is made with hands , and within three days I will build another made without hands .
35 : 13 And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him .
This would soon have led to something better , of course ," was her consoling reflection ; " any thing interests between those who love ; and any thing will serve as introduction to what is near the heart .
But each time Robert threw back his head and answered , proudly , " I am the king !"
22 : 42 They looked , but there was none to save ; even unto the LORD , but he answered them not .
" Concealing it from us !
37 : 19 They shall not be ashamed in the evil time : and in the days of famine they shall be satisfied .
You have , I believe , and know the whole ."
Don ' t pretend to defend him .
" I did ," replied Emma , " and they cannot forgive me ."
30 : 7 And the LORD thy God will put all these curses upon thine enemies , and on them that hate thee , which persecuted thee .
cried Emma , not attending to her .--" Mrs .
12 : 2 The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herds : 12 : 3 But the poor man had nothing , save one little ewe lamb , which he had bought and nourished up : and it grew up together with him , and with his children ; it did eat of his own meat , and drank of his own cup , and lay in his bosom , and was unto him as a daughter .
we will burn thine house upon thee with fire .
But he could do nothing except bark , and bite at the heels of the wicked men .
46 : 17 But if he give a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants , then it shall be his to the year of liberty ; after it shall return to the prince : but his inheritance shall be his sons ' for them .
So he vanish ' d from my sight ; And I pluck ' d a hollow reed , And I made a rural pen , And I stain ' d the water clear , And I wrote my happy songs Every child may joy to hear .
16 : 23 And in that day ye shall ask me nothing .
33 : 21 But there the glorious LORD will be unto us a place of broad rivers and streams ; wherein shall go no galley with oars , neither shall gallant ship pass thereby .
hath he no heir ?
Jane was quite longing to go to Ireland , from his account of things ."
10 : 4 They deck it with silver and with gold ; they fasten it with nails and with hammers , that it move not .
said the Ducks . "
Perhaps she might have passed over more had his manners been flattering to Isabella ' s sister , but they were only those of a calmly kind brother and friend , without praise and without blindness ; but hardly any degree of personal compliment could have made her regardless of that greatest fault of all in her eyes which he sometimes fell into , the want of respectful forbearance towards her father .
John loves Emma with a reasonable and therefore not a blind affection , and Isabella always thinks as he does ; except when he is not quite frightened enough about the children .
" The consequence of which , I suppose , will be ," said Mrs .
Dixon ."
3 : 2 She obeyed not the voice ; she received not correction ; she trusted not in the LORD ; she drew not near to her God .
11 : 8 Yet they obeyed not , nor inclined their ear , but walked every one in the imagination of their evil heart : therefore I will bring upon them all the words of this covenant , which I commanded them to do : but they did them not .
Louisa seemed the principal arranger of the plan ; and , as she went a little way with them , down the hill , still talking to Henrietta , Mary took the opportunity of looking scornfully around her , and saying to Captain Wentworth -- " It is very unpleasant , having such connexions !
Mrs .
have you met him to --" " I could meet him no other way .
28 : 12 Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim , Azariah the son of Johanan , Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth , and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum , and Amasa the son of Hadlai , stood up against them that came from the war , 28 : 13 And said unto them , Ye shall not bring in the captives hither : for whereas we have offended against the LORD already , ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass : for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against Israel .
and by the means of this continual though gentle vent , was able not only to see the Miss Dashwoods from the first without the smallest emotion , but very soon to see them without recollecting a word of the matter ; and having thus supported the dignity of her own sex , and spoken her decided censure of what was wrong in the other , she thought herself at liberty to attend to the interest of her own assemblies , and therefore determined ( though rather against the opinion of Sir John ) that as Mrs .
The intimacy had been formed before our marriage .
30 : 9 And the LORD thy God will make thee plenteous in every work of thine hand , in the fruit of thy body , and in the fruit of thy cattle , and in the fruit of thy land , for good : for the LORD will again rejoice over thee for good , as he rejoiced over thy fathers : 30 : 10 If thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to keep his commandments and his statutes which are written in this book of the law , and if thou turn unto the LORD thy God with all thine heart , and with all thy soul .
shall there be evil in a city , and the LORD hath not done it ?
33 : 11 The counsel of the LORD standeth for ever , the thoughts of his heart to all generations .
19 : 33 But when they came to Jesus , and saw that he was dead already , they brake not his legs : 19 : 34 But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side , and forthwith came there out blood and water .
31 : 7 Let him drink , and forget his poverty , and remember his misery no more .
16 : 11 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 16 : 12 I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel : speak unto them , saying , At even ye shall eat flesh , and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God .
Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom ; We have heard a rumour from the LORD , and an ambassador is sent among the heathen , Arise ye , and let us rise up against her in battle .
She was in the adjoining chamber while she still spoke , and opening the casement there , immediately called Mr .
Woodhouse was silent from consternation ; but every body else had something to say ; every body was either surprized or not surprized , and had some question to ask , or some comfort to offer .
Personal size and mental sorrow have certainly no necessary proportions .
1780 THEL I The daughters of Mne Seraphim led round their sunny flocks , All but the youngest : she in paleness sought the secret air .
I suppose it is something he is ashamed of ."
Knightley warmly , " Miss Fairfax is as capable as any of us of forming a just opinion of Mrs .
And he shut and bolted the door ! "
4 : 25 I beheld , and , lo , there was no man , and all the birds of the heavens were fled .
But now it is all too late .
10 : 2 And it came to pass , when Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who was in Egypt , whither he fled from the presence of Solomon the king , heard it , that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt .
46 : 7 The LORD of hosts is with us ; the God of Jacob is our refuge .
At ten years old , she had the misfortune of being able to answer questions which puzzled her sister at seventeen .
38 : 2 And he made the horns thereof on the four corners of it ; the horns thereof were of the same : and he overlaid it with brass .
17 : 10 And there are seven kings : five are fallen , and one is , and the other is not yet come ; and when he cometh , he must continue a short space .
1 : 8 He was not that Light , but was sent to bear witness of that Light .
Which thou dost scatter on every little blade of grass that springs Revives the milked cow , & tames the fire - breathing steed .
17 : 9 Behold , he is hid now in some pit , or in some other place : and it will come to pass , when some of them be overthrown at the first , that whosoever heareth it will say , There is a slaughter among the people that follow Absalom .
24 : 67 And Isaac brought her into his mother Sarah ' s tent , and took Rebekah , and she became his wife ; and he loved her : and Isaac was comforted after his mother ' s death .
Edward ' s marriage with Lucy was as firmly determined on , and the time of its taking place remained as absolutely uncertain , as she had concluded it would be ;-- every thing depended , exactly after her expectation , on his getting that preferment , of which , at present , there seemed not the smallest chance .
5 : 11 Restore , I pray you , to them , even this day , their lands , their vineyards , their oliveyards , and their houses , also the hundredth part of the money , and of the corn , the wine , and the oil , that ye exact of them .
13 : 45 Again , the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man , seeking goodly pearls : 13 : 46 Who , when he had found one pearl of great price , went and sold all that he had , and bought it .
She , who had seen her week after week so constantly suffering , oppressed by anguish of heart which she had neither courage to speak of , nor fortitude to conceal , now saw with a joy , which no other could equally share , an apparent composure of mind , which , in being the result as she trusted of serious reflection , must eventually lead her to contentment and cheerfulness .
5 : 3 Then said he unto me , This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth : for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side according to it ; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it .
8 : 9 But take heed lest by any means this liberty of your ' s become a stumblingblock to them that are weak .
95 : 7 For he is our God ; and we are the people of his pasture , and the sheep of his hand .
Good Heavens !-- What can be to be _broke_ to me , that does not relate to one of that family ?"
These were the chief of the priests and of their brethren in the days of Jeshua .
The same image of Mr Elliot speaking for himself brought Anne to composure again .
38 : 10 And the thing which he did displeased the LORD : wherefore he slew him also .
48 : 39 They shall howl , saying , How is it broken down !
7 : 8 The LORD shall judge the people : judge me , O LORD , according to my righteousness , and according to mine integrity that is in me .
8 : 33 And all Israel , and their elders , and officers , and their judges , stood on this side the ark and on that side before the priests the Levites , which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD , as well the stranger , as he that was born among them ; half of them over against mount Gerizim , and half of them over against mount Ebal ; as Moses the servant of the LORD had commanded before , that they should bless the people of Israel .
Dashwood , however , conforming , as she trusted , to the wishes of that daughter , by whom she then meant in the warmth of her heart to be guided in every thing , met with a look of forced complacency , gave him her hand , and wished him joy .
14 : 46 Moreover he that goeth into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even .
Having alluded to " an accident ," he must hear the whole .
19 : 51 These are the inheritances , which Eleazar the priest , and Joshua the son of Nun , and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel , divided for an inheritance by lot in Shiloh before the LORD , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
I am sure , for my part , I should never have known he DID like it better than any other colour , if he had not happened to say so .
I wish you had been with us yesterday , for then you might have decided between us ; and I am sure you would have thought as I did , unless you had been determined to give it against me ."
You were mentioning May .
1 : 9 Then Satan answered the LORD , and said , Doth Job fear God for nought ?
He said , " Why are ye come out to set your battle in array ?
And therefore I think I will beg your excuse and take my three turns -- my winter walk ."
She could not be deceived in that .
22 : 29 And Balaam said unto the ass , Because thou hast mocked me : I would there were a sword in mine hand , for now would I kill thee .
To Elinor , the observation of the latter was particularly grateful .
The Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle to the Thessalonians 1 : 1 Paul , and Silvanus , and Timotheus , unto the church of the Thessalonians in God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ : 1 : 2 Grace unto you , and peace , from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ .
13 : 47 The garment also that the plague of leprosy is in , whether it be a woollen garment , or a linen garment ; 13 : 48 Whether it be in the warp , or woof ; of linen , or of woollen ; whether in a skin , or in any thing made of skin ; 13 : 49 And if the plague be greenish or reddish in the garment , or in the skin , either in the warp , or in the woof , or in any thing of skin ; it is a plague of leprosy , and shall be shewed unto the priest : 13 : 50 And the priest shall look upon the plague , and shut up it that hath the plague seven days : 13 : 51 And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day : if the plague be spread in the garment , either in the warp , or in the woof , or in a skin , or in any work that is made of skin ; the plague is a fretting leprosy ; it is unclean .
15 : 3 Of a foreigner thou mayest exact it again : but that which is thine with thy brother thine hand shall release ; 15 : 4 Save when there shall be no poor among you ; for the LORD shall greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it : 15 : 5 Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe to do all these commandments which I command thee this day .
I assure you it has been the greatest satisfaction , comfort , and delight to me , to hear what a musical society I am got into .
9 : 4 Then stood up upon the stairs , of the Levites , Jeshua , and Bani , Kadmiel , Shebaniah , Bunni , Sherebiah , Bani , and Chenani , and cried with a loud voice unto the LORD their God .
33 : 12 And of Benjamin he said , The beloved of the LORD shall dwell in safety by him ; and the Lord shall cover him all the day long , and he shall dwell between his shoulders .
8 : 13 And it shall come to pass , that as ye were a curse among the heathen , O house of Judah , and house of Israel ; so will I save you , and ye shall be a blessing : fear not , but let your hands be strong .
4 : 35 Then he returned , and walked in the house to and fro ; and went up , and stretched himself upon him : and the child sneezed seven times , and the child opened his eyes .
When your father and mother moved to Norland , though the furniture of Stanhill was sold , all the china , plate , and linen was saved , and is now left to your mother .
I could not bear to have Henry supplanted .-- Mr .
27 : 9 Now when much time was spent , and when sailing was now dangerous , because the fast was now already past , Paul admonished them , 27 : 10 And said unto them , Sirs , I perceive that this voyage will be with hurt and much damage , not only of the lading and ship , but also of our lives .
11 : 9 I will not execute the fierceness of mine anger , I will not return to destroy Ephraim : for I am God , and not man ; the Holy One in the midst of thee : and I will not enter into the city .
Let no man despise thee .
94 : 18 When I said , My foot slippeth ; thy mercy , O LORD , held me up .
46 : 17 And the sons of Asher ; Jimnah , and Ishuah , and Isui , and Beriah , and Serah their sister : and the sons of Beriah ; Heber , and Malchiel .
10 : 20 But I say , that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice , they sacrifice to devils , and not to God : and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils .
2 : 11 Where is the dwelling of the lions , and the feedingplace of the young lions , where the lion , even the old lion , walked , and the lion ' s whelp , and none made them afraid ?
She had given them neither men , nor names , nor places , that could raise a blush .
11 : 24 These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and had the name among the three mighties .
The LORD make the woman that is come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah , which two did build the house of Israel : and do thou worthily in Ephratah , and be famous in Bethlehem : 4 : 12 And let thy house be like the house of Pharez , whom Tamar bare unto Judah , of the seed which the LORD shall give thee of this young woman .
Now , however , we must wish you and Mrs .
31 : 33 If I covered my transgressions as Adam , by hiding mine iniquity in my bosom : 31 : 34 Did I fear a great multitude , or did the contempt of families terrify me , that I kept silence , and went not out of the door ?
And the four and twenty elders fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever .
3 : 24 Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ , that we might be justified by faith .
I wished for him again the next summer , when I had still the same luck in the Mediterranean ."
19 : 14 And fire is gone out of a rod of her branches , which hath devoured her fruit , so that she hath no strong rod to be a sceptre to rule .
Lady Russell had little taste for wit , and of anything approaching to imprudence a horror .
24 : 15 When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation , spoken of by Daniel the prophet , stand in the holy place , ( whoso readeth , let him understand :) 24 : 16 Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains : 24 : 17 Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house : 24 : 18 Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes .
11 : 8 I say unto you , Though he will not rise and give him , because he is his friend , yet because of his importunity he will rise and give him as many as he needeth .
said his Mammy . "
Mrs .
Frank Churchill pass through Bath as well as Oxford ?"
12 : 49 And he stretched forth his hand toward his disciples , and said , Behold my mother and my brethren !
1 : 16 And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt , and linen yarn : the king ' s merchants received the linen yarn at a price .
17 : 27 And all the men of his house , born in the house , and bought with money of the stranger , were circumcised with him .
He had been remarkably handsome in his youth ; and , at fifty - four , was still a very fine man .
1 : 16 Make thee bald , and poll thee for thy delicate children ; enlarge thy baldness as the eagle ; for they are gone into captivity from thee .
9 : 15 O LORD God of Israel , thou art righteous : for we remain yet escaped , as it is this day : behold , we are before thee in our trespasses : for we cannot stand before thee because of this .
8 : 21 And they shall pass through it , hardly bestead and hungry : and it shall come to pass , that when they shall be hungry , they shall fret themselves , and curse their king and their God , and look upward .
Next day Epaminondas went to see his Auntie , and she gave him a pound of butter for his Mammy ; fine , fresh , sweet butter .
Then said the priest , Let us draw near hither unto God .
" Would I !"
17 : 32 And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead , some mocked : and others said , We will hear thee again of this matter .
To see you ," cried he , " in the midst of those who could not be my well - wishers ; to see your cousin close by you , conversing and smiling , and feel all the horrible eligibilities and proprieties of the match !
6 : 9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God ?
The hills which surrounded the cottage terminated the valley in that direction ; under another name , and in another course , it branched out again between two of the steepest of them .
2 : 16 And the LORD God commanded the man , saying , Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat : 2 : 17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , thou shalt not eat of it : for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die .
27 : 24 For riches are not for ever : and doth the crown endure to every generation ?
124 : 7 Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers : the snare is broken , and we are escaped .
10 : 8 Therefore I was left alone , and saw this great vision , and there remained no strength in me : for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption , and I retained no strength .
8 : 21 Then Zebah and Zalmunna said , Rise thou , and fall upon us : for as the man is , so is his strength .
24 : 5 A wise man is strong ; yea , a man of knowledge increaseth strength .
1 : 17 But the midwives feared God , and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them , but saved the men children alive .
1 : 19 If it please the king , let there go a royal commandment from him , and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes , that it be not altered , That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus ; and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is better than she .
And Gallio cared for none of those things .
3 : 12 And the man said , The woman whom thou gavest to be with me , she gave me of the tree , and I did eat .
" Well , then , I know who it is from , Colonel .
23 : 20 Now therefore , O king , come down according to all the desire of thy soul to come down ; and our part shall be to deliver him into the king ' s hand .
All these were the children of Keturah .
4 : 8 Therefore the kinsman said unto Boaz , Buy it for thee .
35 : 34 And he hath put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and Aholiab , the son of Ahisamach , of the tribe of Dan .
Your mother will secure to you , in time , that independence you are so anxious for ; it is her duty , and it will , it must ere long become her happiness to prevent your whole youth from being wasted in discontent .
9 : 19 Therefore the Jews of the villages , that dwelt in the unwalled towns , made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting , and a good day , and of sending portions one to another .
35 : 4 Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul : let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt .
17 : 25 And Ishmael his son was thirteen years old , when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
Miss Bates , deceived by the mock ceremony of her manner , did not immediately catch her meaning ; but , when it burst on her , it could not anger , though a slight blush shewed that it could pain her . "
31 : 9 Open thy mouth , judge righteously , and plead the cause of the poor and needy .
A better written letter , Harriet ( returning it ,) than I had expected ."
8 : 22 Is there no balm in Gilead ; is there no physician there ?
49 : 10 For he seeth that wise men die , likewise the fool and the brutish person perish , and leave their wealth to others .
Emma was very willing now to acquit her of having seduced Mr .
Margaret returned , and the family were again all restored to each other , again quietly settled at the cottage ; and if not pursuing their usual studies with quite so much vigour as when they first came to Barton , at least planning a vigorous prosecution of them in future .
2 : 3 And they come unto him , bringing one sick of the palsy , which was borne of four .
Where is it ?"
12 : 50 Thus did all the children of Israel ; as the LORD commanded Moses and Aaron , so did they .
I do not know a more luxurious state , sir , than sitting at one ' s ease to be entertained a whole evening by two such young women ; sometimes with music and sometimes with conversation .
Depend upon it , we shall soon hear that it is a present from Mr .
And then , to prevent farther outrage and indignation , changed the subject directly . "
Solomon made also an house for Pharaoh ' s daughter , whom he had taken to wife , like unto this porch .
I have done very little ."
It gave him a shudder , and he hesitated ; but at that moment he heard a distant clock strike .
" Most favourably for his nephew -- gave his consent with scarcely a difficulty .
Knightley ' s coming and asking me to dance , when Mr .
13 : 28 There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth , when ye shall see Abraham , and Isaac , and Jacob , and all the prophets , in the kingdom of God , and you yourselves thrust out .
24 : 18 So I spake unto the people in the morning : and at even my wife died ; and I did in the morning as I was commanded .
14 : 18 And they all with one consent began to make excuse .
28 : 6 And when Saul enquired of the LORD , the LORD answered him not , neither by dreams , nor by Urim , nor by prophets .
12 : 35 Then Jesus said unto them , Yet a little while is the light with you .
7 : 18 When I blow with a trumpet , I and all that are with me , then blow ye the trumpets also on every side of all the camp , and say , The sword of the LORD , and of Gideon .
There was hardly time to talk over the first letter from Enscombe before " Mr .
105 : 1 O give thanks unto the LORD ; call upon his name : make known his deeds among the people .
Let all things be done unto edifying .
8 : 29 ( For he had commanded the unclean spirit to come out of the man .
Emma , I must tell you what you will not ask , though I may wish it unsaid the next moment ."
2 : 19 For this is thankworthy , if a man for conscience toward God endure grief , suffering wrongfully .
To him be glory both now and for ever .
49 : 2 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will cause an alarm of war to be heard in Rabbah of the Ammonites ; and it shall be a desolate heap , and her daughters shall be burned with fire : then shall Israel be heir unto them that were his heirs , saith the LORD .
6 : 17 Wherefore come out from among them , and be ye separate , saith the Lord , and touch not the unclean thing ; and I will receive you .
I believe I have been wrong in saying so much , but I hardly know what to do , and on your prudence I have the strongest dependence .
Frank Churchill had danced once at Highbury , and longed to dance again ; and the last half - hour of an evening which Mr .
said the Tortoise .
19 : 41 And when he had thus spoken , he dismissed the assembly .
Still , the Emperor kept the gold nightingale on the perch in his own room .
It was Miss Taylor ' s loss which first brought grief .
6 : 9 But , beloved , we are persuaded better things of you , and things that accompany salvation , though we thus speak .
And lead us not into temptation ; but deliver us from evil .
1 : 7 For we have great joy and consolation in thy love , because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee , brother .
continued Mrs Musgrove ; " he was grown so steady , and such an excellent correspondent , while he was under your care !
I should be unwilling , I own , to live in any other part of the town ;-- there is hardly any other that I could be satisfied to have my children in : but _we_ are so remarkably airy !-- Mr .
7 : 10 So they came and called unto the porter of the city : and they told them , saying , We came to the camp of the Syrians , and , behold , there was no man there , neither voice of man , but horses tied , and asses tied , and the tents as they were .
Marianne was spared from the troublesome feelings of contempt and resentment , on this impertinent examination of their features , and on the puppyism of his manner in deciding on all the different horrors of the different toothpick - cases presented to his inspection , by remaining unconscious of it all ; for she was as well able to collect her thoughts within herself , and be as ignorant of what was passing around her , in Mr .
" Another year or two may do much towards it ," he gravely replied ; " but however there is still a great deal to be done .
I the LORD have spoken it .
They are known to no human being , I guess , but herself .
37 : 26 And he overlaid it with pure gold , both the top of it , and the sides thereof round about , and the horns of it : also he made unto it a crown of gold round about .
" I have still the advantage of you by sixteen years ' experience , and by not being a pretty young woman and a spoiled child .
Jennings ' s endeavours to cure a disappointment in love , by a variety of sweetmeats and olives , and a good fire .
28 : 2 And thou shalt make holy garments for Aaron thy brother for glory and for beauty .
The neighbourhood was not large , but the Musgroves were visited by everybody , and had more dinner - parties , and more callers , more visitors by invitation and by chance , than any other family .
It was unvarying , warm admiration everywhere ; but this intimate footing was not more than established , when a certain Charles Hayter returned among them , to be a good deal disturbed by it , and to think Captain Wentworth very much in the way .
It is the worst evil of too yielding and indecisive a character , that no influence over it can be depended on .
Has Colonel Brandon been with you lately ?"
The next day and the next they grew , until the beet leaves were big enough to see .
89 : 25 I will set his hand also in the sea , and his right hand in the rivers .
He coloured very deeply , and giving a momentary glance at Elinor , replied , " Yes ; it is my sister ' s hair .
Elinor said no more , and turning again to the three letters which now raised a much stronger curiosity than before , directly ran over the contents of all .
7 : 7 The LORD did not set his love upon you , nor choose you , because ye were more in number than any people ; for ye were the fewest of all people : 7 : 8 But because the LORD loved you , and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers , hath the LORD brought you out with a mighty hand , and redeemed you out of the house of bondmen , from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt .
26 : 21 And Uzziah the king was a leper unto the day of his death , and dwelt in a several house , being a leper ; for he was cut off from the house of the LORD : and Jotham his son was over the king ' s house , judging the people of the land .
Mr .
3 : 28 Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law .
16 : 33 Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD , because he cometh to judge the earth .
You might not give Emma such a complete education as your powers would seem to promise ; but you were receiving a very good education from _her_ , on the very material matrimonial point of submitting your own will , and doing as you were bid ; and if Weston had asked me to recommend him a wife , I should certainly have named Miss Taylor ."
Miss Elliot , do you remember our walking together at Lyme , and grieving for him ?
31 : 13 And Moses , and Eleazar the priest , and all the princes of the congregation , went forth to meet them without the camp .
The communicative lady I learnt , on inquiry , for I stayed in the shop till they were gone , was a Mrs .
The enclosure of Norland Common , now carrying on , is a most serious drain .
They want her ( Mr .
6 : 16 Moreover when ye fast , be not , as the hypocrites , of a sad countenance : for they disfigure their faces , that they may appear unto men to fast .
12 : 15 These are they that went over Jordan in the first month , when it had overflown all his banks ; and they put to flight all them of the valleys , both toward the east , and toward the west .
8 : 7 And they had a few small fishes : and he blessed , and commanded to set them also before them .
2 : 19 But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you , that I also may be of good comfort , when I know your state .
7 : 15 Now mine eyes shall be open , and mine ears attent unto the prayer that is made in this place .
Mrs .
and they which wait at the altar are partakers with the altar ?
16 : 17 And Saul said unto his servants , Provide me now a man that can play well , and bring him to me .
6 : 15 And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD , and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you .
44 : 27 Behold , I will watch over them for evil , and not for good : and all the men of Judah that are in the land of Egypt shall be consumed by the sword and by the famine , until there be an end of them .
1 : 24 Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling , and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy , 1 : 25 To the only wise God our Saviour , be glory and majesty , dominion and power , both now and ever .
2 : 8 And Pharaoh ' s daughter said to her , Go .
11 : 20 And thou shalt write them upon the door posts of thine house , and upon thy gates : 11 : 21 That your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give them , as the days of heaven upon the earth .
The Churchills are very likely in fault ," said Mr .
45 : 4 For Jacob my servant ' s sake , and Israel mine elect , I have even called thee by thy name : I have surnamed thee , though thou hast not known me .
CHAPTER XVIII " I hope I shall soon have the pleasure of introducing my son to you ," said Mr .
And he did so , walking naked and barefoot .
Then , of course , the Lion could see where they were .
" I believe you are right , my love ; it will be better that there should by no annuity in the case ; whatever I may give them occasionally will be of far greater assistance than a yearly allowance , because they would only enlarge their style of living if they felt sure of a larger income , and would not be sixpence the richer for it at the end of the year .
12 : 51 Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth ?
Oh !
39 : 3 And his master saw that the LORD was with him , and that the LORD made all that he did to prosper in his hand .
I meant only myself .
51 : 59 The word which Jeremiah the prophet commanded Seraiah the son of Neriah , the son of Maaseiah , when he went with Zedekiah the king of Judah into Babylon in the fourth year of his reign .
Without considering that it was not in her mother ' s plan to keep any horse , that if she were to alter her resolution in favour of this gift , she must buy another for the servant , and keep a servant to ride it , and after all , build a stable to receive them , she had accepted the present without hesitation , and told her sister of it in raptures . "
4 : 14 On that day the LORD magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel ; and they feared him , as they feared Moses , all the days of his life .
And Jonathan ' s lad gathered up the arrows , and came to his master .
She had no doubt of Harriet ' s happiness with any good - tempered man ; but with him , and in the home he offered , there would be the hope of more , of security , stability , and improvement .
3 : 17 And he brought the present unto Eglon king of Moab : and Eglon was a very fat man .
Wherever they went , she was evidently always on the watch .
34 : 27 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Asher , Ahihud the son of Shelomi .
His extreme attention to my mother -- wanting her to sit in the vicarage pew , that she might hear the better , for my mother is a little deaf , you know -- it is not much , but she does not hear quite quick .
25 : 5 And Moses said unto the judges of Israel , Slay ye every one his men that were joined unto Baalpeor .
51 : 19 These two things are come unto thee ; who shall be sorry for thee ?
12 : 51 And it came to pass the selfsame day , that the LORD did bring the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt by their armies .
3 : 15 And I will smite the winter house with the summer house ; and the houses of ivory shall perish , and the great houses shall have an end , saith the LORD .
81 : 4 For this was a statute for Israel , and a law of the God of Jacob .
said the Camel . "
36 : 14 Moreover all the chief of the priests , and the people , transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen ; and polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in Jerusalem .
44 : 13 And they shall not come near unto me , to do the office of a priest unto me , nor to come near to any of my holy things , in the most holy place : but they shall bear their shame , and their abominations which they have committed .
He slept like the seven sleepers , and he dreamed the most beautiful things you could imagine .
But Mrs .
Their attention was called towards the others .
2 : 15 Then said I in my heart , As it happeneth to the fool , so it happeneth even to me ; and why was I then more wise ?
65 : 25 The wolf and the lamb shall feed together , and the lion shall eat straw like the bullock : and dust shall be the serpent ' s meat .
47 : 4 Again he measured a thousand , and brought me through the waters ; the waters were to the knees .
26 : 25 And he builded an altar there , and called upon the name of the LORD , and pitched his tent there : and there Isaac ' s servants digged a well .
I saw Jane Fairfax and conversed with her , with admiration and pleasure always -- but with no thought beyond ."
16 : 25 Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel , and the preaching of Jesus Christ , according to the revelation of the mystery , which was kept secret since the world began , 16 : 26 But now is made manifest , and by the scriptures of the prophets , according to the commandment of the everlasting God , made known to all nations for the obedience of faith : 16 : 27 To God only wise , be glory through Jesus Christ for ever .
22 : 10 And Abraham stretched forth his hand , and took the knife to slay his son .
" To a Mrs .
1 : 19 And they rose up in the morning early , and worshipped before the LORD , and returned , and came to their house to Ramah : and Elkanah knew Hannah his wife ; and the LORD remembered her .
And Mr .
Weston .
119 : 150 They draw nigh that follow after mischief : they are far from thy law .
19 : 17 And I saw an angel standing in the sun ; and he cried with a loud voice , saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven , Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God ; 19 : 18 That ye may eat the flesh of kings , and the flesh of captains , and the flesh of mighty men , and the flesh of horses , and of them that sit on them , and the flesh of all men , both free and bond , both small and great .
18 : 21 Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men , such as fear God , men of truth , hating covetousness ; and place such over them , to be rulers of thousands , and rulers of hundreds , rulers of fifties , and rulers of tens : 18 : 22 And let them judge the people at all seasons : and it shall be , that every great matter they shall bring unto thee , but every small matter they shall judge : so shall it be easier for thyself , and they shall bear the burden with thee .
69 : 5 O God , thou knowest my foolishness ; and my sins are not hid from thee .
30 : 1 And Hezekiah sent to all Israel and Judah , and wrote letters also to Ephraim and Manasseh , that they should come to the house of the LORD at Jerusalem , to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel .
" Why , pretty well ; but not quite well .
17 : 24 God that made the world and all things therein , seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth , dwelleth not in temples made with hands ; 17 : 25 Neither is worshipped with men ' s hands , as though he needed any thing , seeing he giveth to all life , and breath , and all things ; 17 : 26 And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth , and hath determined the times before appointed , and the bounds of their habitation ; 17 : 27 That they should seek the Lord , if haply they might feel after him , and find him , though he be not far from every one of us : 17 : 28 For in him we live , and move , and have our being ; as certain also of your own poets have said , For we are also his offspring .
But she was not wanted to speak .
24 : 8 And I brought you into the land of the Amorites , which dwelt on the other side Jordan ; and they fought with you : and I gave them into your hand , that ye might possess their land ; and I destroyed them from before you .
Dixon , I dare say .
41 : 25 When he raiseth up himself , the mighty are afraid : by reason of breakings they purify themselves .
20 : 39 But the lad knew not any thing : only Jonathan and David knew the matter .
11 : 12 And all the cities of those kings , and all the kings of them , did Joshua take , and smote them with the edge of the sword , and he utterly destroyed them , as Moses the servant of the LORD commanded .
Then Joab came to Jerusalem .
10 : 28 And he said unto them , Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company , or come unto one of another nation ; but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common or unclean .
THE CLOD AND THE PEBBLE " Love seeketh not itself to please , Nor for itself hath any care , But for another gives it ease , And builds a heaven in hell ' s despair ."
" So obliging of you !
These days of confinement would have been , but for her private perplexities , remarkably comfortable , as such seclusion exactly suited her brother , whose feelings must always be of great importance to his companions ; and he had , besides , so thoroughly cleared off his ill - humour at Randalls , that his amiableness never failed him during the rest of his stay at Hartfield .
" My dear Miss Elliot !"
" There is hardly any desiring to refresh such a memory as _that_ ,"-- said Mr .
And they brought unto him a penny .
4 : 5 But now it is come upon thee , and thou faintest ; it toucheth thee , and thou art troubled .
23 : 28 And ye shall do no work in that same day : for it is a day of atonement , to make an atonement for you before the LORD your God .
cried Elinor , " could it be -- could Willoughby !"
Remember that I stood before thee to speak good for them , and to turn away thy wrath from them .
28 : 21 The LORD shall make the pestilence cleave unto thee , until he have consumed thee from off the land , whither thou goest to possess it .
Weston told me you were here .-- Oh !
" I do not see much sign of it .
15 : 2 Then David said , None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites : for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God , and to minister unto him for ever .
" Very well ; I will not plague you any more .
On this point Sir John could give more certain intelligence ; and he told them that Mr .
10 : 14 For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure , as though we reached not unto you : for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ : 10 : 15 Not boasting of things without our measure , that is , of other men ' s labours ; but having hope , when your faith is increased , that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly , 10 : 16 To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you , and not to boast in another man ' s line of things made ready to our hand .
Ellison would not be sorry to have Miss Grey married , for she and Mrs .
12 : 1 I beseech you therefore , brethren , by the mercies of God , that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice , holy , acceptable unto God , which is your reasonable service .
26 : 46 Rise , let us be going : behold , he is at hand that doth betray me .
Frank Churchill .-- At the same time it is fair to observe , that I am one of those who always judge for themselves , and are by no means implicitly guided by others .
12 : 7 And , behold , the angel of the Lord came upon him , and a light shined in the prison : and he smote Peter on the side , and raised him up , saying , Arise up quickly .
Still , he did not mean to take any chances .
How very odd !"
32 : 13 And the LORD ' s anger was kindled against Israel , and he made them wander in the wilderness forty years , until all the generation , that had done evil in the sight of the LORD , was consumed .
Selah .
She hoped no one could have said to her , " How could you be so unfeeling to your father ?-- I must , I will tell you truths while I can ."
if ye do so again , I will lay hands on you .
Clever Mr Alligator !
10 : 15 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Issachar was Nethaneel the son of Zuar .
3 : 1 For , behold , the Lord , the LORD of hosts , doth take away from Jerusalem and from Judah the stay and the staff , the whole stay of bread , and the whole stay of water .
19 : 6 And Isaiah said unto them , Thus shall ye say to your master , Thus saith the LORD , Be not afraid of the words which thou hast heard , with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me .
" No , not Mr .
23 : 1 And in the seventh year Jehoiada strengthened himself , and took the captains of hundreds , Azariah the son of Jeroham , and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan , and Azariah the son of Obed , and Maaseiah the son of Adaiah , and Elishaphat the son of Zichri , into covenant with him .
Elinor said no more .
And all the people heard when the king gave all the captains charge concerning Absalom .
101 : 5 Whoso privily slandereth his neighbour , him will I cut off : him that hath an high look and a proud heart will not I suffer .
And Samuel said unto the men of Israel , Go ye every man unto his city .
Henceforward I know nothing of the matter .
11 : 12 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters , that shall be an abomination unto you .
22 : 5 And there shall be no night there ; and they need no candle , neither light of the sun ; for the Lord God giveth them light : and they shall reign for ever and ever .
And he desired many wives .
3 : 17 But whoso hath this world ' s good , and seeth his brother have need , and shutteth up his bowels of compassion from him , how dwelleth the love of God in him ?
27 : 54 Now when the centurion , and they that were with him , watching Jesus , saw the earthquake , and those things that were done , they feared greatly , saying , Truly this was the Son of God .
She had yet another reason for wishing her children to remain where they were ; a letter from her son - in - law had told her that he and his wife were to be in town before the middle of February , and she judged it right that they should sometimes see their brother .
41 : 9 Then spake the chief butler unto Pharaoh , saying , I do remember my faults this day : 41 : 10 Pharaoh was wroth with his servants , and put me in ward in the captain of the guard ' s house , both me and the chief baker : 41 : 11 And we dreamed a dream in one night , I and he ; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
24 : 15 And if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD , choose you this day whom ye will serve ; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood , or the gods of the Amorites , in whose land ye dwell : but as for me and my house , we will serve the LORD .
Harriet turned away ; but Emma could receive him with the usual smile , and her quick eye soon discerned in his the consciousness of having made a push -- of having thrown a die ; and she imagined he was come to see how it might turn up .
48 : 23 As for the rest of the tribes , from the east side unto the west side , Benjamin shall have a portion .
11 : 12 And on the morrow , when they were come from Bethany , he was hungry : 11 : 13 And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves , he came , if haply he might find any thing thereon : and when he came to it , he found nothing but leaves ; for the time of figs was not yet .
Elton , I do not know who will ask her next , perhaps Mr .
1 : 21 Then said I , What come these to do ?
Mrs .
His acquittal was complete , his friendship warmly honoured , a lively interest excited for his friend , and his description of the fine country about Lyme so feelingly attended to by the party , that an earnest desire to see Lyme themselves , and a project for going thither was the consequence .
5 : 33 Again , ye have heard that it hath been said by them of old time , Thou shalt not forswear thyself , but shalt perform unto the Lord thine oaths : 5 : 34 But I say unto you , Swear not at all ; neither by heaven ; for it is God ' s throne : 5 : 35 Nor by the earth ; for it is his footstool : neither by Jerusalem ; for it is the city of the great King .
I declare I cannot recollect what I was talking of .-- Oh !
18 : 5 And David went out whithersoever Saul sent him , and behaved himself wisely : and Saul set him over the men of war , and he was accepted in the sight of all the people , and also in the sight of Saul ' s servants .
Willoughby , what is the meaning of this ?
Then said his wise men and Zeresh his wife unto him , If Mordecai be of the seed of the Jews , before whom thou hast begun to fall , thou shalt not prevail against him , but shalt surely fall before him .
12 : 1 And in that day thou shalt say , O LORD , I will praise thee : though thou wast angry with me , thine anger is turned away , and thou comfortedst me .
7 : 3 Bind them upon thy fingers , write them upon the table of thine heart .
And he answered , saying , My name is Legion : for we are many .
1 : 25 And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands , and brought it down unto us , and brought us word again , and said , It is a good land which the LORD our God doth give us .
2 : 15 And did not he make one ?
71 : 12 O God , be not far from me : O my God , make haste for my help .
1 : 36 And the coast of the Amorites was from the going up to Akrabbim , from the rock , and upward .
in places you see it is dreadfully dirty ; and the wainscot is more yellow and forlorn than any thing I could have imagined ."
And here I wait patiently .
11 : 45 Then answered one of the lawyers , and said unto him , Master , thus saying thou reproachest us also .
Her sensations on the discovery made her perfectly speechless .
" Well !
He was satisfied of there being no present danger in returning home , but no assurances could convince him that it was safe to stay ; and while the others were variously urging and recommending , Mr .
Knightley on horse - back not far off . "
2 : 17 And the men said unto her , We will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear .
12 : 44 And at that time were some appointed over the chambers for the treasures , for the offerings , for the firstfruits , and for the tithes , to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites : for Judah rejoiced for the priests and for the Levites that waited .
When is she dejected or melancholy ?
this is none other but the house of God , and this is the gate of heaven .
29 : 34 And she conceived again , and bare a son ; and said , Now this time will my husband be joined unto me , because I have born him three sons : therefore was his name called Levi .
23 : 13 And the high places that were before Jerusalem , which were on the right hand of the mount of corruption , which Solomon the king of Israel had builded for Ashtoreth the abomination of the Zidonians , and for Chemosh the abomination of the Moabites , and for Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon , did the king defile .
35 : 32 And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to the city of his refuge , that he should come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
or in the anxious supplement from Mary , of -- " Upon my word , I shall be pretty well off , when you are all gone away to be happy at Bath !"
They ate until they were gorged , and then they flew heavily back to the lake , only to come again with new appetite .
24 : 14 But this I confess unto thee , that after the way which they call heresy , so worship I the God of my fathers , believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets : 24 : 15 And have hope toward God , which they themselves also allow , that there shall be a resurrection of the dead , both of the just and unjust .
12 : 1 Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses , let us lay aside every weight , and the sin which doth so easily beset us , and let us run with patience the race that is set before us , 12 : 2 Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith ; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross , despising the shame , and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God .
7 : 15 And I will cast you out of my sight , as I have cast out all your brethren , even the whole seed of Ephraim .
16 : 8 And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats ; one lot for the LORD , and the other lot for the scapegoat .
behold , now ye have heard his blasphemy .
Goddard ' s ; and a twelvemonth might pass without their being thrown together again , with any necessity , or even any power of speech .
He might have doubled his presumption to me -- but poor Harriet !"
They lived beyond their income , but still it was nothing in comparison of Enscombe : she did not cease to love her husband , but she wanted at once to be the wife of Captain Weston , and Miss Churchill of Enscombe .
50 : 5 They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward , saying , Come , and let us join ourselves to the LORD in a perpetual covenant that shall not be forgotten .
23 : 8 Behold , I go forward , but he is not there ; and backward , but I cannot perceive him : 23 : 9 On the left hand , where he doth work , but I cannot behold him : he hideth himself on the right hand , that I cannot see him : 23 : 10 But he knoweth the way that I take : when he hath tried me , I shall come forth as gold .
Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time , Lovest thou me ?
We told you about the laundry - door , at Uppercross .
No hurry for a signal at all .
30 : 11 Because he hath loosed my cord , and afflicted me , they have also let loose the bridle before me .
I could wish the stairs were handsome .
They hopped upon the bench ; but when they saw the little clothes there , they laughed and danced for joy .
24 : 8 And at the king ' s commandment they made a chest , and set it without at the gate of the house of the LORD .
24 : 25 And as he reasoned of righteousness , temperance , and judgment to come , Felix trembled , and answered , Go thy way for this time ; when I have a convenient season , I will call for thee .
May I help ?"
-- " It was not inclination that he wanted , Elinor ; I could plainly see THAT .
" In a stationer ' s shop in Pall Mall , where I had business .
1 : 8 But Zadok the priest , and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and Nathan the prophet , and Shimei , and Rei , and the mighty men which belonged to David , were not with Adonijah .
Leave it all to me .
My interference was quite as likely to do harm as good .
He is totally beyond the reach of any sentiment of justice or compassion .
22 : 24 Then shalt thou lay up gold as dust , and the gold of Ophir as the stones of the brooks .
When the ladies withdrew to the drawing - room after dinner , this poverty was particularly evident , for the gentlemen HAD supplied the discourse with some variety -- the variety of politics , inclosing land , and breaking horses -- but then it was all over ; and one subject only engaged the ladies till coffee came in , which was the comparative heights of Harry Dashwood , and Lady Middleton ' s second son William , who were nearly of the same age .
Wherefore the name of that place was called , The valley of Achor , unto this day .
Elton took the reproof , so rapidly did another subject succeed ; for Mr .
No ," replied Lucy , " not to Mr .
And David ' s servants came into the land of the children of Ammon .
" Yes ; Mr .
I cut her bonds with my knife , and she looked at me to show that she trusted .
16 : 11 And Samuel said unto Jesse , Are here all thy children ?
Mr .
Do you imagine Colonel Campbell knows the business to be going forward just at this time ?-- Do you imagine it to be the consequence of an immediate commission from him , or that he may have sent only a general direction , an order indefinite as to time , to depend upon contingencies and conveniences ?"
11 : 13 And his brethren , chief of the fathers , two hundred forty and two : and Amashai the son of Azareel , the son of Ahasai , the son of Meshillemoth , the son of Immer , 11 : 14 And their brethren , mighty men of valour , an hundred twenty and eight : and their overseer was Zabdiel , the son of one of the great men .
All these are the sons of Becher .
Robert Ferrars ?
What a blow upon them all was this ! "
27 : 14 And the Levites shall speak , and say unto all the men of Israel with a loud voice , 27 : 15 Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten image , an abomination unto the LORD , the work of the hands of the craftsman , and putteth it in a secret place .
They do everything to confer happiness , I am sure .
Jennings recollected that there was a lady at the other end of the street on whom she ought to call ; and as she had no business at Gray ' s , it was resolved , that while her young friends transacted their ' s , she should pay her visit and return for them .
And his mother ' s name was Hamutal , the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah .
It is over !
therefore he would not drink it .
Father , save me from this hour : but for this cause came I unto this hour .
10 : 22 And they said , Cornelius the centurion , a just man , and one that feareth God , and of good report among all the nation of the Jews , was warned from God by an holy angel to send for thee into his house , and to hear words of thee .
52 : 12 Now in the fifth month , in the tenth day of the month , which was the nineteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , came Nebuzaradan , captain of the guard , which served the king of Babylon , into Jerusalem , 52 : 13 And burned the house of the LORD , and the king ' s house ; and all the houses of Jerusalem , and all the houses of the great men , burned he with fire : 52 : 14 And all the army of the Chaldeans , that were with the captain of the guard , brake down all the walls of Jerusalem round about .
Mr .
24 : 56 And he said unto them , Hinder me not , seeing the LORD hath prospered my way ; send me away that I may go to my master .
2 : 17 The children of Bezai , three hundred twenty and three .
15 : 26 But he answered and said , It is not meet to take the children ' s bread , and to cast it to dogs .
I do indeed .
She only roused herself from the broodings of this restless agitation , to let Mrs Clay know that she had been seen with Mr Elliot three hours after his being supposed to be out of Bath , for having watched in vain for some intimation of the interview from the lady herself , she determined to mention it , and it seemed to her there was guilt in Mrs Clay ' s face as she listened .
10 : 19 But when they deliver you up , take no thought how or what ye shall speak : for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak .
5 : 11 And when they had brought their ships to land , they forsook all , and followed him .
2 : 9 For , behold , I will shake mine hand upon them , and they shall be a spoil to their servants : and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me .
19 : 22 And David said , What have I to do with you , ye sons of Zeruiah , that ye should this day be adversaries unto me ?
Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman , that his love has an earlier death .
33 : 7 And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return , and will build them , as at the first .
He saith , I am not .
11 : 2 And Nahash the Ammonite answered them , On this condition will I make a covenant with you , that I may thrust out all your right eyes , and lay it for a reproach upon all Israel .
She appeared to me to play well , that is , with considerable taste , but I know nothing of the matter myself .-- I am excessively fond of music , but without the smallest skill or right of judging of any body ' s performance .-- I have been used to hear her ' s admired ; and I remember one proof of her being thought to play well :-- a man , a very musical man , and in love with another woman -- engaged to her -- on the point of marriage -- would yet never ask that other woman to sit down to the instrument , if the lady in question could sit down instead -- never seemed to like to hear one if he could hear the other .
8 : 20 And Noah builded an altar unto the LORD ; and took of every clean beast , and of every clean fowl , and offered burnt offerings on the altar .
16 : 8 Which when Jesus perceived , he said unto them , O ye of little faith , why reason ye among yourselves , because ye have brought no bread ?
I wish Frederick would spread a little more canvass , and bring us home one of these young ladies to Kellynch .
But who is he ?"
" I can give you no account of them .
39 : 7 So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel ; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more : and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD , the Holy One in Israel .
" Brother and sister !
" Mr .
4 : 9 Only take heed to thyself , and keep thy soul diligently , lest thou forget the things which thine eyes have seen , and lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life : but teach them thy sons , and thy sons ' sons ; 4 : 10 Specially the day that thou stoodest before the LORD thy God in Horeb , when the LORD said unto me , Gather me the people together , and I will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth , and that they may teach their children .
Well , what do you say to it ?-- I always told you he would be here again soon , did not I ?-- Anne , my dear , did not I always tell you so , and you would not believe me ?-- In town next week , you see -- at the latest , I dare say ; for _she_ is as impatient as the black gentleman when any thing is to be done ; most likely they will be there to - morrow or Saturday .
122 : 6 Pray for the peace of Jerusalem : they shall prosper that love thee .
144 : 6 Cast forth lightning , and scatter them : shoot out thine arrows , and destroy them .
She wished she might be able to keep him from an absolute declaration .
4 : 16 The pots also , and the shovels , and the fleshhooks , and all their instruments , did Huram his father make to king Solomon for the house of the LORD of bright brass .
But from such vain wishes she was forced to turn for comfort to the renewal of her confidence in Edward ' s affection , to the remembrance of every mark of regard in look or word which fell from him while at Barton , and above all to that flattering proof of it which he constantly wore round his finger . "
behold , the world is gone after him .
15 : 10 And thou shalt bring for a drink offering half an hin of wine , for an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
His chief reward for the painful exertion of disclosing past sorrows and present humiliations , was given in the pitying eye with which Marianne sometimes observed him , and the gentleness of her voice whenever ( though it did not often happen ) she was obliged , or could oblige herself to speak to him .
what is my sin , that thou hast so hotly pursued after me ?
29 : 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram , and the bread that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
I have a very sincere interest in Emma .
4 : 14 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses , and he said , Is not Aaron the Levite thy brother ?
3 : 31 For the LORD will not cast off for ever : 3 : 32 But though he cause grief , yet will he have compassion according to the multitude of his mercies .
94 : 9 He that planted the ear , shall he not hear ?
A few knelt to pray .
Jennings , who , having heard of the arrival of a gentleman at the cottage , came to take a survey of the guest .
And he abode with him the space of a month .
" I certainly do forget to think of _her_ ," said Emma , " as having ever been any thing but my friend and my dearest friend ."
66 : 3 He that killeth an ox is as if he slew a man ; he that sacrificeth a lamb , as if he cut off a dog ' s neck ; he that offereth an oblation , as if he offered swine ' s blood ; he that burneth incense , as if he blessed an idol .
37 : 12 Therefore prophesy and say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , O my people , I will open your graves , and cause you to come up out of your graves , and bring you into the land of Israel .
The following morning Anne was out with her friend , and for the first hour , in an incessant and fearful sort of watch for him in vain ; but at last , in returning down Pulteney Street , she distinguished him on the right hand pavement at such a distance as to have him in view the greater part of the street .
Mrs .
11 : 1 Now faith is the substance of things hoped for , the evidence of things not seen .
18 : 34 Jesus answered him , Sayest thou this thing of thyself , or did others tell it thee of me ?
You must see the difference ."
Elinor attempted no more .
35 : 12 And thou shalt know that I am the LORD , and that I have heard all thy blasphemies which thou hast spoken against the mountains of Israel , saying , They are laid desolate , they are given us to consume .
I only know that I never yet heard her admit any instance of a second attachment ' s being pardonable ."
There will be but one subject throughout the parishes of Donwell and Highbury ; but one interest -- one object of curiosity ; it will be all Mr .
20 : 26 But it shall not be so among you : but whosoever will be great among you , let him be your minister ; 20 : 27 And whosoever will be chief among you , let him be your servant : 20 : 28 Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto , but to minister , and to give his life a ransom for many .
21 : 28 For ye say , Where is the house of the prince ?
how could it be ?-- Then I must have dreamt it -- but I was completely persuaded -- Miss Smith , you walk as if you were tired .
I have now , as far as such a sentiment is allowable in human nature , nothing to reproach myself with ; and if I mistake not , a strong sense of duty is no bad part of a woman ' s portion ."
I should be sorry to be more ."
it shall wither in all the leaves of her spring , even without great power or many people to pluck it up by the roots thereof .
23 : 6 Eat thou not the bread of him that hath an evil eye , neither desire thou his dainty meats : 23 : 7 For as he thinketh in his heart , so is he : Eat and drink , saith he to thee ; but his heart is not with thee .
35 : 15 But in mine adversity they rejoiced , and gathered themselves together : yea , the abjects gathered themselves together against me , and I knew it not ; they did tear me , and ceased not : 35 : 16 With hypocritical mockers in feasts , they gnashed upon me with their teeth .
behold how many things they witness against thee .
33 : 3 Yea , he loved the people ; all his saints are in thy hand : and they sat down at thy feet ; every one shall receive of thy words .
Elton ' s absenting himself .
10 : 12 And the children of Israel took their journeys out of the wilderness of Sinai ; and the cloud rested in the wilderness of Paran .
9 : 4 For thou hast broken the yoke of his burden , and the staff of his shoulder , the rod of his oppressor , as in the day of Midian .
8 : 9 But ye are not in the flesh , but in the Spirit , if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you .
Marianne Dashwood was born to an extraordinary fate .
Some vague report had reached her before of my attachment to some young lady in Devonshire , and what had passed within her observation the preceding evening had marked who the young lady was , and made her more jealous than ever .
Weston was exceedingly disappointed -- much more disappointed , in fact , than her husband , though her dependence on seeing the young man had been so much more sober : but a sanguine temper , though for ever expecting more good than occurs , does not always pay for its hopes by any proportionate depression .
His evils seemed to lessen , her own advantages to increase , their mutual good to outweigh every drawback .
I am sorry to say that I am very far from well ; and Jemima has just told me that the butcher says there is a bad sore - throat very much about .
5 : 3 In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk , of blind , halt , withered , waiting for the moving of the water .
Perhaps the Burgomaster would know the right thing to do ?
20 : 24 So David hid himself in the field : and when the new moon was come , the king sat him down to eat meat .
Certainly ," said Elinor ; " he seems very agreeable ."
She looked instinctively at Lady Russell ; but not from any mad idea of her recognising him so soon as she did herself .
9 : 29 And would to God this people were under my hand !
And Jehoshaphat said , Let not the king say so .
He that doeth these things shall never be moved .
why sittest thou thyself alone , and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even ?
1 : 17 And David lamented with this lamentation over Saul and over Jonathan his son : 1 : 18 ( Also he bade them teach the children of Judah the use of the bow : behold , it is written in the book of Jasher .)
107 : 1 O give thanks unto the LORD , for he is good : for his mercy endureth for ever .
23 : 1 And the king sent , and they gathered unto him all the elders of Judah and of Jerusalem .
38 : 25 When she was brought forth , she sent to her father in law , saying , By the man , whose these are , am I with child : and she said , Discern , I pray thee , whose are these , the signet , and bracelets , and staff .
47 : 11 And Joseph placed his father and his brethren , and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt , in the best of the land , in the land of Rameses , as Pharaoh had commanded .
Knightley ' s marrying did not in the least subside .
16 : 8 And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun ; and power was given unto him to scorch men with fire .
4 : 41 And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah , and smote their tents , and the habitations that were found there , and destroyed them utterly unto this day , and dwelt in their rooms : because there was pasture there for their flocks .
3 : 13 Thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people , even for salvation with thine anointed ; thou woundedst the head out of the house of the wicked , by discovering the foundation unto the neck .
He lives down there , Father Lion !"
1 : 16 These are murmurers , complainers , walking after their own lusts ; and their mouth speaketh great swelling words , having men ' s persons in admiration because of advantage .
But this time the rope broke , the Whale turned a somersault , and the Elephant fell over backward .
1 : 26 And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee , named Nazareth , 1 : 27 To a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph , of the house of David ; and the virgin ' s name was Mary .
" It is one that I shall never change , however ."
It is with great regret that I obey your commands in returning the letters with which I have been honoured from you , and the lock of hair , which you so obligingly bestowed on me . "
" Pooh !
I am not wishing him too much good ," said Marianne at last with a sigh , " when I wish his secret reflections may be no more unpleasant than my own .
17 : 9 If he be able to fight with me , and to kill me , then will we be your servants : but if I prevail against him , and kill him , then shall ye be our servants , and serve us .
" But Mr .
144 : 1 Blessed be the LORD my strength which teacheth my hands to war , and my fingers to fight : 144 : 2 My goodness , and my fortress ; my high tower , and my deliverer ; my shield , and he in whom I trust ; who subdueth my people under me .
5 : 19 And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case , after it was said , Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task .
" Old Lady Mary Maclean ?
" But , upon my soul , I did NOT know it ," he warmly replied ; " I did not recollect that I had omitted to give her my direction ; and common sense might have told her how to find it out ."
24 : 5 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
27 : 22 Pilate saith unto them , What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ ?
He was nice in his eating , uncertain in his hours ; fond of his child , though affecting to slight it ; and idled away the mornings at billiards , which ought to have been devoted to business .
And who knows but you may raise a dance ," said she . "
" However it may have come about ," said Elinor , after a pause ,--" they are certainly married .
19 : 4 And his father in law , the damsel ' s father , retained him ; and he abode with him three days : so they did eat and drink , and lodged there .
36 : 14 They die in youth , and their life is among the unclean .
50 : 11 And when the inhabitants of the land , the Canaanites , saw the mourning in the floor of Atad , they said , This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians : wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim , which is beyond Jordan .
5 : 20 They fought from heaven ; the stars in their courses fought against Sisera .
Trust to me ."
26 : 5 Ammiel the sixth , Issachar the seventh , Peulthai the eighth : for God blessed him .
4 : 22 And Zillah , she also bare Tubalcain , an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron : and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah .
22 : 14 And the princes of Moab rose up , and they went unto Balak , and said , Balaam refuseth to come with us .
38 : 2 And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite , whose name was Shuah ; and he took her , and went in unto her .
Then saith he unto them , Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar ' s ; and unto God the things that are God ' s .
No , I cannot go to Cleveland ."
9 : 13 As it is written , Jacob have I loved , but Esau have I hated .
13 : 12 Your remembrances are like unto ashes , your bodies to bodies of clay .
5 : 5 And a certain man was there , which had an infirmity thirty and eight years .
2 : 17 Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp : as they encamp , so shall they set forward , every man in his place by their standards .
And Jehonadab answered , It is .
because he humbleth himself before me , I will not bring the evil in his days : but in his son ' s days will I bring the evil upon his house .
39 : 10 Remove thy stroke away from me : I am consumed by the blow of thine hand .
In half an hour the arrowroot was returned , with a thousand thanks from Miss Bates , but " dear Jane would not be satisfied without its being sent back ; it was a thing she could not take -- and , moreover , she insisted on her saying , that she was not at all in want of any thing ."
This was the conclusion of the first series of reflection .
The industrious man only nodded , and kept on with his steady stride , eyes straight ahead .
Elizabeth was , in fact , revolving a great measure .
5 : 40 And they laughed him to scorn .
One moment she feared that no serious design had ever been formed on his side ; and the next that some unfortunate quarrel had taken place between him and her sister ;-- the distress in which Marianne had quitted the room was such as a serious quarrel could most reasonably account for , though when she considered what Marianne ' s love for him was , a quarrel seemed almost impossible .
4 : 11 Whoredom and wine and new wine take away the heart .
15 : 23 For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft , and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry .
49 : 14 But Zion said , The LORD hath forsaken me , and my Lord hath forgotten me .
6 : 21 But that ye also may know my affairs , and how I do , Tychicus , a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord , shall make known to you all things : 6 : 22 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose , that ye might know our affairs , and that he might comfort your hearts .
At last nearly all the people were kneeling on the desolate fields praying for deliverance from the plague of crickets .
14 : 35 The king ' s favour is toward a wise servant : but his wrath is against him that causeth shame .
8 : 41 Ye do the deeds of your father .
Martin and the two girls .
26 : 8 LORD , I have loved the habitation of thy house , and the place where thine honour dwelleth .
55 : 18 He hath delivered my soul in peace from the battle that was against me : for there were many with me .
11 : 24 Afterwards the spirit took me up , and brought me in a vision by the Spirit of God into Chaldea , to them of the captivity .
49 : 19 Gad , a troop shall overcome him : but he shall overcome at the last .
it DID torture me .
106 : 44 Nevertheless he regarded their affliction , when he heard their cry : 106 : 45 And he remembered for them his covenant , and repented according to the multitude of his mercies .
Is that trembling cry a song ?
I never knew days fly so fast .
12 : 8 And they took him , and killed him , and cast him out of the vineyard .
And the people knew not that Jonathan was gone .
The clouds seem parting too , the sun will be out in a moment , and we shall have a clear afternoon ."
31 : 3 And the battle went sore against Saul , and the archers hit him ; and he was sore wounded of the archers .
Barabbas , or Jesus which is called Christ ?
I do not consider myself at all a fortunate person ."
7 : 15 And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life .
Elton , Mrs .
10 : 20 My tabernacle is spoiled , and all my cords are broken : my children are gone forth of me , and they are not : there is none to stretch forth my tent any more , and to set up my curtains .
I long to make apologies , excuses , to urge something for myself .
36 : 6 Lo , thou trustest in the staff of this broken reed , on Egypt ; whereon if a man lean , it will go into his hand , and pierce it : so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all that trust in him .
18 : 18 The lot causeth contentions to cease , and parteth between the mighty .
6 : 23 Rejoice ye in that day , and leap for joy : for , behold , your reward is great in heaven : for in the like manner did their fathers unto the prophets .
for thou knowest thy servant .
3 : 17 And he said , What is the thing that the LORD hath said unto thee ?
She continued by the side of her sister , with little intermission the whole afternoon , calming every fear , satisfying every inquiry of her enfeebled spirits , supplying every succour , and watching almost every look and every breath .
No , we should not have heard , if it had not been for this particular circumstance , of her being to come here so soon .
Weston ' s letters lately have been full of very little else than Mrs .
18 : 5 But if a man be just , and do that which is lawful and right , 18 : 6 And hath not eaten upon the mountains , neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel , neither hath defiled his neighbour ' s wife , neither hath come near to a menstruous woman , 18 : 7 And hath not oppressed any , but hath restored to the debtor his pledge , hath spoiled none by violence , hath given his bread to the hungry , and hath covered the naked with a garment ; 18 : 8 He that hath not given forth upon usury , neither hath taken any increase , that hath withdrawn his hand from iniquity , hath executed true judgment between man and man , 18 : 9 Hath walked in my statutes , and hath kept my judgments , to deal truly ; he is just , he shall surely live , saith the Lord GOD .
and Mrs .
8 : 7 The LORD hath sworn by the excellency of Jacob , Surely I will never forget any of their works .
5 : 25 Your iniquities have turned away these things , and your sins have withholden good things from you .
There must be three months , at least , of deep mourning ; but when they are over , I imagine there will be nothing more to wait for ."
Margery ran and brought the seed box . "
You saw how hysterical I was yesterday ."
She did not imagine that her father had at present an idea of the kind .
8 : 11 Now the parable is this : The seed is the word of God .
34 : 3 For in the eighth year of his reign , while he was yet young , he began to seek after the God of David his father : and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places , and the groves , and the carved images , and the molten images .
18 : 11 And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her ; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more : 18 : 12 The merchandise of gold , and silver , and precious stones , and of pearls , and fine linen , and purple , and silk , and scarlet , and all thyine wood , and all manner vessels of ivory , and all manner vessels of most precious wood , and of brass , and iron , and marble , 18 : 13 And cinnamon , and odours , and ointments , and frankincense , and wine , and oil , and fine flour , and wheat , and beasts , and sheep , and horses , and chariots , and slaves , and souls of men .
I knew that we should either go to the bottom together , or that she would be the making of me ; and I never had two days of foul weather all the time I was at sea in her ; and after taking privateers enough to be very entertaining , I had the good luck in my passage home the next autumn , to fall in with the very French frigate I wanted .
And he answered , He told me that thou shouldest surely recover .
37 : 18 The LORD knoweth the days of the upright : and their inheritance shall be for ever .
2 : 22 Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ ?
12 : 12 And the land shall mourn , every family apart ; the family of the house of David apart , and their wives apart ; the family of the house of Nathan apart , and their wives apart ; 12 : 13 The family of the house of Levi apart , and their wives apart ; the family of Shimei apart , and their wives apart ; 12 : 14 All the families that remain , every family apart , and their wives apart .
I believe it is the only way that Mr .
41 : 7 And the seven thin ears devoured the seven rank and full ears .
Little things do not irritate him .
16 : 50 And they were haughty , and committed abomination before me : therefore I took them away as I saw good .
8 : 14 For Israel hath forgotten his Maker , and buildeth temples ; and Judah hath multiplied fenced cities : but I will send a fire upon his cities , and it shall devour the palaces thereof .
1 : 9 If we confess our sins , he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
18 : 5 For the LORD thy God hath chosen him out of all thy tribes , to stand to minister in the name of the LORD , him and his sons for ever .
Referring the education to her seemed to imply it . "
alas !
33 : 9 And it came to pass , as Moses entered into the tabernacle , the cloudy pillar descended , and stood at the door of the tabernacle , and the Lord talked with Moses .
19 : 10 Thy mother is like a vine in thy blood , planted by the waters : she was fruitful and full of branches by reason of many waters .
3 : 15 And as the people were in expectation , and all men mused in their hearts of John , whether he were the Christ , or not ; 3 : 16 John answered , saying unto them all , I indeed baptize you with water ; but one mightier than I cometh , the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose : he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire : 3 : 17 Whose fan is in his hand , and he will throughly purge his floor , and will gather the wheat into his garner ; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable .
9 : 13 Then Ananias answered , Lord , I have heard by many of this man , how much evil he hath done to thy saints at Jerusalem : 9 : 14 And here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call on thy name .
Well , he is coming , you see ; good news , I think .
119 : 56 This I had , because I kept thy precepts .
10 : 34 Think not that I am come to send peace on earth : I came not to send peace , but a sword .
The Miss Musgroves agreed to it ; and having all kindly watched him as far up the hill as they could , they returned to the breakfast table .
41 : 8 An evil disease , say they , cleaveth fast unto him : and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more .
13 : 38 Be it known unto you therefore , men and brethren , that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins : 13 : 39 And by him all that believe are justified from all things , from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses .
It is a pity that they were ever got over ."
14 : 37 And Saul asked counsel of God , Shall I go down after the Philistines ?
29 : 19 Moreover all the vessels , which king Ahaz in his reign did cast away in his transgression , have we prepared and sanctified , and , behold , they are before the altar of the LORD .
4 : 23 And Lamech said unto his wives , Adah and Zillah , Hear my voice ; ye wives of Lamech , hearken unto my speech : for I have slain a man to my wounding , and a young man to my hurt .
21 : 2 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD , after the abominations of the heathen , whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel .
4 : 17 Not because I desire a gift : but I desire fruit that may abound to your account .
Your very presence is distasteful to me .
15 : 10 And whosoever toucheth any thing that was under him shall be unclean until the even : and he that beareth any of those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
1 : 9 As we said before , so say I now again , if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received , let him be accursed .
4 : 4 And he must needs go through Samaria .
2 : 42 The children of the porters : the children of Shallum , the children of Ater , the children of Talmon , the children of Akkub , the children of Hatita , the children of Shobai , in all an hundred thirty and nine .
no , it is a meeting at the Crown , a regular meeting .
" Well then , another day or two , perhaps ; but I cannot stay here long , I cannot stay to endure the questions and remarks of all these people .
And ever afterward she was his friend , helping him not only to happiness for himself , but also showing him how to help others , wherever he went .
17 : 19 Thus said the LORD unto me ; Go and stand in the gate of the children of the people , whereby the kings of Judah come in , and by the which they go out , and in all the gates of Jerusalem ; 17 : 20 And say unto them , Hear ye the word of the LORD , ye kings of Judah , and all Judah , and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem , that enter in by these gates : 17 : 21 Thus saith the LORD ; Take heed to yourselves , and bear no burden on the sabbath day , nor bring it in by the gates of Jerusalem ; 17 : 22 Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath day , neither do ye any work , but hallow ye the sabbath day , as I commanded your fathers .
The little Jackal was , as you know , exceedingly fond of shell - fish , especially of river crabs .
* * * * * And , do you know , children , nobody knows what happened next !
14 : 46 Then Saul went up from following the Philistines : and the Philistines went to their own place .
He persisted in having loved none but her .
She played and sang ;-- and drew in almost every style ; but steadiness had always been wanting ; and in nothing had she approached the degree of excellence which she would have been glad to command , and ought not to have failed of .
or who can come to him with his double bridle ?
28 : 29 And when he had said these words , the Jews departed , and had great reasoning among themselves .
15 : 11 And Asa did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD , as did David his father .
28 : 17 For again the Edomites had come and smitten Judah , and carried away captives .
23 : 13 And Pilate , when he had called together the chief priests and the rulers and the people , 23 : 14 Said unto them , Ye have brought this man unto me , as one that perverteth the people : and , behold , I , having examined him before you , have found no fault in this man touching those things whereof ye accuse him : 23 : 15 No , nor yet Herod : for I sent you to him ; and , lo , nothing worthy of death is done unto him .
11 : 14 Doth not even nature itself teach you , that , if a man have long hair , it is a shame unto him ?
139 : 11 If I say , Surely the darkness shall cover me ; even the night shall be light about me .
4 : 25 And Adam knew his wife again ; and she bare a son , and called his name Seth : For God , said she , hath appointed me another seed instead of Abel , whom Cain slew .
12 : 5 Sing unto the LORD ; for he hath done excellent things : this is known in all the earth .
34 : 17 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; Ye have not hearkened unto me , in proclaiming liberty , every one to his brother , and every man to his neighbour : behold , I proclaim a liberty for you , saith the LORD , to the sword , to the pestilence , and to the famine ; and I will make you to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth .
My liveliness and your solidity would produce perfection .-- Not that I presume to insinuate , however , that _some_ people may not think _you_ perfection already .-- But hush !-- not a word , if you please ."
Poor dear Jane was talking of it just now .-- ` You must go ,' said she .
The event was more favourable to Mr .
Art thou loosed from a wife ?
20 : 17 And the men of Israel , beside Benjamin , were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword : all these were men of war .
Now he was ruddy , and withal of a beautiful countenance , and goodly to look to .
Everything was safe enough , and she smiled over the many anxious feelings she had wasted on the subject .
Elton might never get safely to the end of it , and saw nothing extraordinary in his language .
59 : 17 Unto thee , O my strength , will I sing : for God is my defence , and the God of my mercy .
21 : 15 It is joy to the just to do judgment : but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity .
Ah !
I never saw any gentleman ' s handwriting "-- Emma began , looking also at Mrs .
Elton , this is the most extraordinary conduct !
7 : 13 For he of whom these things are spoken pertaineth to another tribe , of which no man gave attendance at the altar .
Do let me hear a word about the expense of it ."
Certainly I had been accustomed to every luxury at Maple Grove ; but I did assure him that two carriages were not necessary to my happiness , nor were spacious apartments .
I want a change .
added Miss Steele . "
We sailors , Miss Elliot , cannot afford to make long courtships in time of war .
11 : 13 He was with David at Pasdammim , and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle , where was a parcel of ground full of barley ; and the people fled from before the Philistines .
10 : 11 And he said , If the Syrians be too strong for me , then thou shalt help me : but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee , then I will come and help thee .
At last the work was done , and the artist had the great statue set up in the public square of Duesseldorf , ready for the opening view .
But a day spent in sitting shivering over the fire with a book in her hand , which she was unable to read , or in lying , weary and languid , on a sofa , did not speak much in favour of her amendment ; and when , at last , she went early to bed , more and more indisposed , Colonel Brandon was only astonished at her sister ' s composure , who , though attending and nursing her the whole day , against Marianne inclination , and forcing proper medicines on her at night , trusted , like Marianne , to the certainty and efficacy of sleep , and felt no real alarm .
10 : 18 And the people and princes of Gilead said one to another , What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of Ammon ?
8 : 3 For what the law could not do , in that it was weak through the flesh , God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh , and for sin , condemned sin in the flesh : 8 : 4 That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us , who walk not after the flesh , but after the Spirit .
13 : 4 O Israel , thy prophets are like the foxes in the deserts .
is counsel perished from the prudent ?
2 : 18 But Samuel ministered before the LORD , being a child , girded with a linen ephod .
5 : 3 And he entered into one of the ships , which was Simon ' s , and prayed him that he would thrust out a little from the land .
13 : 15 And Elisha said unto him , Take bow and arrows .
33 : 5 And he lifted up his eyes , and saw the women and the children ; and said , Who are those with thee ?
" I am afraid , none at all ."
10 : 11 Out of that land went forth Asshur , and builded Nineveh , and the city Rehoboth , and Calah , 10 : 12 And Resen between Nineveh and Calah : the same is a great city .
In the height of her morality , good woman !
3 : 42 And Moses numbered , as the LORD commanded him , all the firstborn among the children of Israel .
So the little brown Mouse was the little Red Man ' s servant , and every day he made the little Red Man ' s bed and swept the little Red Man ' s room and cooked the little Red Man ' s broth .
I ' ll investigate a bit ."
evil to some is always good to others .
" My dear madam ," said Lady Middleton , " recollect what you are saying ."
Here is a nut ," said he , catching one down from an upper bough . "
45 : 3 And of this measure shalt thou measure the length of five and twenty thousand , and the breadth of ten thousand : and in it shall be the sanctuary and the most holy place .
10 : 13 And they first took their journey according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
16 : 22 So they spread Absalom a tent upon the top of the house ; and Absalom went in unto his father ' s concubines in the sight of all Israel .
It should not , must not be a struggle ."
for riches certainly make themselves wings ; they fly away as an eagle toward heaven .
4 : 11 Beloved , if God so loved us , we ought also to love one another .
Thus Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison .
A note was written to urge it .
29 : 4 And he brought in the priests and the Levites , and gathered them together into the east street , 29 : 5 And said unto them , Hear me , ye Levites , sanctify now yourselves , and sanctify the house of the LORD God of your fathers , and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy place .
14 : 7 Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she would ask .
The Nightingale sang so beautifully that everybody who heard her remembered her song better than anything else that he heard or saw .
6 : 49 Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness , and are dead .
14 : 34 And when they were gone over , they came into the land of Gennesaret .
3 : 29 After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house .
You will find me a very awkward narrator , Miss Dashwood ; I hardly know where to begin .
There , it is done .
She will tell you any thing if you ask .
She determined to call upon them and seek safety in numbers .
Here was a dangerous opening . "
Just let me out a little minute , to get a little , little drink of water , Brother Brahmin !"
34 : 17 Thou shalt make thee no molten gods .
Lady Dalrymple had acquired the name of " a charming woman ," because she had a smile and a civil answer for everybody .
34 : 12 And the men did the work faithfully : and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah , the Levites , of the sons of Merari ; and Zechariah and Meshullam , of the sons of the Kohathites , to set it forward ; and other of the Levites , all that could skill of instruments of musick .
Emma listened , and looked , and soon perceived that Frank Churchill ' s state might be best defined by the expressive phrase of being out of humour .
Weston had scarcely finished his explanation of Frank ' s being a day before his time , and her father was yet in the midst of his very civil welcome and congratulations , when she appeared , to have her share of surprize , introduction , and pleasure .
The distressing explanation she had to make to Harriet , and all that poor Harriet would be suffering , with the awkwardness of future meetings , the difficulties of continuing or discontinuing the acquaintance , of subduing feelings , concealing resentment , and avoiding eclat , were enough to occupy her in most unmirthful reflections some time longer , and she went to bed at last with nothing settled but the conviction of her having blundered most dreadfully .
-- She paused .
Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day ?
But perhaps if she were to leave the room vacant , we might not be invited .
She instantly saw that her ears had not deceived her .
13 : 9 Then Saul , ( who also is called Paul ,) filled with the Holy Ghost , set his eyes on him .
Anne had been too little from home , too little seen .
6 : 12 For who knoweth what is good for man in this life , all the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow ?
16 : 33 And he took them the same hour of the night , and washed their stripes ; and was baptized , he and all his , straightway .
59 : 9 Therefore is judgment far from us , neither doth justice overtake us : we wait for light , but behold obscurity ; for brightness , but we walk in darkness .
Ferrars ?"
" Had they told me ," he cried with vehemence , " that Mr .
10 : 18 And he said unto them , I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven .
Either from the consciousness , however , that his friend had recovered , or from other consciousness , he went no farther ; and Anne who , in spite of the agitated voice in which the latter part had been uttered , and in spite of all the various noises of the room , the almost ceaseless slam of the door , and ceaseless buzz of persons walking through , had distinguished every word , was struck , gratified , confused , and beginning to breathe very quick , and feel an hundred things in a moment .
Such a heart -- such a Harriet !
4 : 13 And he said unto them , Know ye not this parable ?
And I should never have expected you to be lending your sanction to such vanity - baits for poor young ladies ."
7 : 12 If he offer it for a thanksgiving , then he shall offer with the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil , and cakes mingled with oil , of fine flour , fried .
THE END
20 : 5 So Amasa went to assemble the men of Judah : but he tarried longer than the set time which he had appointed him .
The sitting began ; and Harriet , smiling and blushing , and afraid of not keeping her attitude and countenance , presented a very sweet mixture of youthful expression to the steady eyes of the artist .
19 : 37 For ye have brought hither these men , which are neither robbers of churches , nor yet blasphemers of your goddess .
20 : 3 And it came to pass on the morrow , that Pashur brought forth Jeremiah out of the stocks .
Knightley .-- Every other part of her mind was disgusting .
31 : 2 Bow down thine ear to me ; deliver me speedily : be thou my strong rock , for an house of defence to save me .
Even you , used as you are to great sums , would hardly believe that so much could be given to a young person like Jane ."
26 : 3 And Moses and Eleazar the priest spake with them in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho , saying , 26 : 4 Take the sum of the people , from twenty years old and upward ; as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel , which went forth out of the land of Egypt .
Why she did not like Jane Fairfax might be a difficult question to answer ; Mr .
and what communion hath light with darkness ?
That was all prior to my coming to Bath .
1 : 12 And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord , who hath enabled me , for that he counted me faithful , putting me into the ministry ; 1 : 13 Who was before a blasphemer , and a persecutor , and injurious : but I obtained mercy , because I did it ignorantly in unbelief .
8 : 8 Shall not the land tremble for this , and every one mourn that dwelleth therein ?
119 : 155 Salvation is far from the wicked : for they seek not thy statutes .
And the heart of Pharaoh was hardened , and he did not let the people go .
An express arrived at Randalls to announce the death of Mrs .
He was not allowed to escape , however .
Is there a felicity in the world ," said Marianne , " superior to this ?-- Margaret , we will walk here at least two hours ."
Jennings , leaning forward towards Elinor , and speaking in a low voice as if she meant to be heard by no one else , though they were seated on different sides of the room ; " but , however , I can ' t help wishing they had not travelled quite so fast , nor made such a long journey of it , for they came all round by London upon account of some business , for you know ( nodding significantly and pointing to her daughter ) it was wrong in her situation .
3 : 19 And this is the condemnation , that light is come into the world , and men loved darkness rather than light , because their deeds were evil .
6 : 14 My God , think thou upon Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works , and on the prophetess Noadiah , and the rest of the prophets , that would have put me in fear .
woe !"
But with all the hopes of cheerfulness , and all the present comfort of delay , there was still such an evil hanging over her in the hour of explanation with Harriet , as made it impossible for Emma to be ever perfectly at ease .
The Little Fir Tree was happy as a bird , because he knew they were about to cut him down .
27 : 17 All the pillars round about the court shall be filleted with silver ; their hooks shall be of silver , and their sockets of brass .
19 : 7 And Moses came and called for the elders of the people , and laid before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him .
11 : 3 Then Jephthah fled from his brethren , and dwelt in the land of Tob : and there were gathered vain men to Jephthah , and went out with him .
18 : 9 And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat king of Judah sat either of them on his throne , clothed in their robes , and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the gate of Samaria ; and all the prophets prophesied before them .
1 : 11 Then said they unto him , What shall we do unto thee , that the sea may be calm unto us ?
Now , however , it was absolutely to be ; every preparation was resumed , and very soon after the Churchills had removed to Richmond , a few lines from Frank , to say that his aunt felt already much better for the change , and that he had no doubt of being able to join them for twenty - four hours at any given time , induced them to name as early a day as possible .
Elton , I suppose , has been the person to whom Miss Fairfax owes --" " Yes , our good Mrs .
Knightley was at Hartfield yesterday , and spoke of it as for Saturday ."
9 : 20 If I justify myself , mine own mouth shall condemn me : if I say , I am perfect , it shall also prove me perverse .
15 : 9 And when she hath found it , she calleth her friends and her neighbours together , saying , Rejoice with me ; for I have found the piece which I had lost .
6 : 13 Neither yield ye your members as instruments of unrighteousness unto sin : but yield yourselves unto God , as those that are alive from the dead , and your members as instruments of righteousness unto God .
3 : 6 Who is this that cometh out of the wilderness like pillars of smoke , perfumed with myrrh and frankincense , with all powders of the merchant ?
12 : 30 For all these things do the nations of the world seek after : and your Father knoweth that ye have need of these things .
45 : 16 Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children , whom thou mayest make princes in all the earth .
I have entered many a shop to avoid your sight , as the carriage drove by .
He is an excellent young man , and will suit Harriet exactly ; it will be an ` Exactly so ,' as he says himself ; but he does sigh and languish , and study for compliments rather more than I could endure as a principal .
Mary , resenting that she should be supposed not to know her own cousin , began talking very warmly about the family features , and protesting still more positively that it was Mr Elliot , calling again upon Anne to come and look for herself , but Anne did not mean to stir , and tried to be cool and unconcerned .
As it was , he did nothing with much zeal , but sport ; and his time was otherwise trifled away , without benefit from books or anything else .
2 : 4 He brought me to the banqueting house , and his banner over me was love .
They all looked their assent ; it seemed too awful a moment for speech . "
21 : 31 So likewise ye , when ye see these things come to pass , know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand .
Am I reserved , Marianne ?"
4 : 1 But it displeased Jonah exceedingly , and he was very angry .
5 : 20 Woe unto them that call evil good , and good evil ; that put darkness for light , and light for darkness ; that put bitter for sweet , and sweet for bitter !
8 : 14 Counsel is mine , and sound wisdom : I am understanding ; I have strength .
41 : 18 And it was made with cherubims and palm trees , so that a palm tree was between a cherub and a cherub ; and every cherub had two faces ; 41 : 19 So that the face of a man was toward the palm tree on the one side , and the face of a young lion toward the palm tree on the other side : it was made through all the house round about .
41 : 38 And Pharaoh said unto his servants , Can we find such a one as this is , a man in whom the Spirit of God is ?
He had met Mrs .
Dashwood looked at Elinor with surprise .
I am the king !"
9 : 15 And they did so , and made them all sit down .
And is she , at seventeen , just entering into life , just beginning to be known , to be wondered at because she does not accept the first offer she receives ?
30 : 25 And all the congregation of Judah , with the priests and the Levites , and all the congregation that came out of Israel , and the strangers that came out of the land of Israel , and that dwelt in Judah , rejoiced .
no !
2 : 6 But she had brought them up to the roof of the house , and hid them with the stalks of flax , which she had laid in order upon the roof .
-- Highbury , with Mrs .
Though she did not feel the first intelligence as she might have done the day before , or an hour before , its interest soon increased ; and before their first conversation was over , she had talked herself into all the sensations of curiosity , wonder and regret , pain and pleasure , as to this fortunate Miss Hawkins , which could conduce to place the Martins under proper subordination in her fancy .
3 : 35 And when all the people came to cause David to eat meat while it was yet day , David sware , saying , So do God to me , and more also , if I taste bread , or ought else , till the sun be down .
1 : 14 The great day of the LORD is near , it is near , and hasteth greatly , even the voice of the day of the LORD : the mighty man shall cry there bitterly .
Weston ' s suspicions , to which the sweet sounds of the united voices gave only momentary interruptions .
1 : 12 Then Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , and Joshua the son of Josedech , the high priest , with all the remnant of the people , obeyed the voice of the LORD their God , and the words of Haggai the prophet , as the LORD their God had sent him , and the people did fear before the LORD .
33 : 19 And he said , I will make all my goodness pass before thee , and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before thee ; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious , and will shew mercy on whom I will shew mercy .
9 : 24 Ye have been rebellious against the LORD from the day that I knew you .
6 : 28 But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken : and if it be sodden in a brasen pot , it shall be both scoured , and rinsed in water .
I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel , which they murmur against me .
And they were exceeding sorry .
How delightful !"
5 : 12 So the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land of Egypt to gather stubble instead of straw .
Knightley and Harriet Smith !-- It was a union to distance every wonder of the kind .-- The attachment of Frank Churchill and Jane Fairfax became commonplace , threadbare , stale in the comparison , exciting no surprize , presenting no disparity , affording nothing to be said or thought .-- Mr .
And the land was subdued before them .
After receiving a very indifferent education she is left in Mrs .
16 : 11 How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread , that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees ?
16 : 19 Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him , and said unto them , Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said , A little while , and ye shall not see me : and again , a little while , and ye shall see me ?
16 : 20 All the brethren greet you .
poor woman , who would have thought it !"
12 : 6 The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood : but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them .
2 : 12 Then sat Solomon upon the throne of David his father ; and his kingdom was established greatly .
" But then , to be an old maid at last , like Miss Bates !"
7 : 2 For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth ; but if the husband be dead , she is loosed from the law of her husband .
1 : 10 Hear the word of the LORD , ye rulers of Sodom ; give ear unto the law of our God , ye people of Gomorrah .
Thou huntest me as a fierce lion : and again thou shewest thyself marvellous upon me .
3 : 19 Repent ye therefore , and be converted , that your sins may be blotted out , when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord .
When she took in her history , indeed , her situation , as well as her beauty ; when she considered what all this elegance was destined to , what she was going to sink from , how she was going to live , it seemed impossible to feel any thing but compassion and respect ; especially , if to every well - known particular entitling her to interest , were added the highly probable circumstance of an attachment to Mr .
What was it that he was , now ?
28 : 10 Thou shalt die the deaths of the uncircumcised by the hand of strangers : for I have spoken it , saith the Lord GOD .
29 : 6 Thou shalt be visited of the LORD of hosts with thunder , and with earthquake , and great noise , with storm and tempest , and the flame of devouring fire .
By this time the little Gingerbread Boy was so proud that he didn ' t think anybody could catch him .
23 : 25 Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
Weston ' s ball in view at least , there had been a great deal of insensibility to other things ; but it was now too evident that she had not attained such a state of composure as could stand against the actual approach -- new carriage , bell - ringing , and all .
Then , here come all my attempts at three of those four children ;-- there they are , Henry and John and Bella , from one end of the sheet to the other , and any one of them might do for any one of the rest .
And his mother ' s name was Maachah , the daughter of Abishalom .
2 : 33 The children of Lod , Hadid , and Ono , seven hundred twenty and five .
Harriet ' s sweet easy temper will not mind it ."
1 : 12 One of themselves , even a prophet of their own , said , The Cretians are alway liars , evil beasts , slow bellies .
9 : 27 And they went out into the fields , and gathered their vineyards , and trode the grapes , and made merry , and went into the house of their god , and did eat and drink , and cursed Abimelech .
Her daughter enjoyed a most uncommon degree of popularity for a woman neither young , handsome , rich , nor married .
She could not contemplate the change as implying less .
2 : 16 And they said unto him , Behold now , there be with thy servants fifty strong men ; let them go , we pray thee , and seek thy master : lest peradventure the Spirit of the LORD hath taken him up , and cast him upon some mountain , or into some valley .
17 : 16 And the children of Joseph said , The hill is not enough for us : and all the Canaanites that dwell in the land of the valley have chariots of iron , both they who are of Bethshean and her towns , and they who are of the valley of Jezreel .
Elton , from the particulars detailed by her husband , thought it all extremely shabby , and very inferior to her own .--" Very little white satin , very few lace veils ; a most pitiful business !-- Selina would stare when she heard of it ."
The contrast between the countenance and air of Mr .
4 : 31 In the mean while his disciples prayed him , saying , Master , eat .
7 : 63 And of the priests : the children of Habaiah , the children of Koz , the children of Barzillai , which took one of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife , and was called after their name .
19 : 14 And Moses went down from the mount unto the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their clothes .
" Yes ," said Mrs Smith more doubtingly , " sometimes it may , though I fear its lessons are not often in the elevated style you describe .
31 : 18 I have surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus ; Thou hast chastised me , and I was chastised , as a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke : turn thou me , and I shall be turned ; for thou art the LORD my God .
37 : 9 Out of the south cometh the whirlwind : and cold out of the north .
36 : 9 Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign , and he reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem : and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD .
He almost wished she had been prevailed on to come home the day before ; but the truth was , that Mrs Harville left nothing for anybody to do ."
1 : 22 And the house of Joseph , they also went up against Bethel : and the LORD was with them .
And heard this voice of sorrow breathed from the hollow pit .
So much the better .
2 : 13 I write unto you , fathers , because ye have known him that is from the beginning .
He had strong feelings of family attachment and family honour , without pride or weakness ; he lived with the liberality of a man of fortune , without display ; he judged for himself in everything essential , without defying public opinion in any point of worldly decorum .
25 : 11 A jubile shall that fiftieth year be unto you : ye shall not sow , neither reap that which groweth of itself in it , nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed .
The fairies sprang to Elsa ' s knee , then to the palms of her hands , and then -- whisk !
and behold the height of the stars , how high they are !
for this man doeth many miracles .
Warmth and tenderness of heart , with an affectionate , open manner , will beat all the clearness of head in the world , for attraction , I am sure it will .
" Yes ," said Emma , " I hope I do ."
5 : 13 And the taskmasters hasted them , saying , Fulfil your works , your daily tasks , as when there was straw .
And when Peter was come down out of the ship , he walked on the water , to go to Jesus .
4 : 32 And when Elisha was come into the house , behold , the child was dead , and laid upon his bed .
32 : 30 There be the princes of the north , all of them , and all the Zidonians , which are gone down with the slain ; with their terror they are ashamed of their might ; and they lie uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword , and bear their shame with them that go down to the pit .
One day , after the forty years , he had a great longing to know how far along he had got with his work ,-- how it looked to the Heavenly Father .
Weston must be between forty and fifty ."
23 : 28 And Balak brought Balaam unto the top of Peor , that looketh toward Jeshimon .
It was too great a shock to be borne with calmness , and she immediately left the room .
How was the truth to reach him ?
29 : 34 But the priests were too few , so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings : wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them , till the work was ended , and until the other priests had sanctified themselves : for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests .
30 : 10 But David pursued , he and four hundred men : for two hundred abode behind , which were so faint that they could not go over the brook Besor .
The good Moon went along and made a light , and they came to the forest . "
" I am glad of it with all my heart ; but really you did not look it .
Her approbation , at once general and minute , warm and incessant , could not but please ; and for another half - hour they were all walking to and fro , between the different rooms , some suggesting , some attending , and all in happy enjoyment of the future .
You cannot think what a sweet place Cleveland is ; and we are so gay now , for Mr .
11 : 12 And the people said unto Samuel , Who is he that said , Shall Saul reign over us ?
He was dressed in the king ' s royal robes , he wore the royal crown , and on his hand was the king ' s own ring .
Ferrars should seem to like me , if she did not , and her liking me is every thing .
Jennings , you see .
77 : 9 Hath God forgotten to be gracious ?
2 : 13 And when he went out the second day , behold , two men of the Hebrews strove together : and he said to him that did the wrong , Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow ?
" Do you ?-- I have no doubt .
27 : 18 Whoso keepeth the fig tree shall eat the fruit thereof : so he that waiteth on his master shall be honoured .
15 : 15 And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace ; thou shalt be buried in a good old age .
13 : 18 Did not your fathers thus , and did not our God bring all this evil upon us , and upon this city ?
I understand she is a woman of very good fortune .
11 : 21 Therefore thus saith the LORD of the men of Anathoth , that seek thy life , saying , Prophesy not in the name of the LORD , that thou die not by our hand : 11 : 22 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts , Behold , I will punish them : the young men shall die by the sword ; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine : 11 : 23 And there shall be no remnant of them : for I will bring evil upon the men of Anathoth , even the year of their visitation .
when they swooned as the wounded in the streets of the city , when their soul was poured out into their mothers ' bosom .
21 : 9 As soon then as they were come to land , they saw a fire of coals there , and fish laid thereon , and bread .
Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them .
I must learn to brook being happier than I deserve ."
31 : 29 If I rejoice at the destruction of him that hated me , or lifted up myself when evil found him : 31 : 30 Neither have I suffered my mouth to sin by wishing a curse to his soul .
Here Mr .
9 : 27 And Hiram sent in the navy his servants , shipmen that had knowledge of the sea , with the servants of Solomon .
And he smiled with such seeming pleasure at the conviction , that she must proceed another step . "
Weston !
12 : 3 He took his brother by the heel in the womb , and by his strength he had power with God : 12 : 4 Yea , he had power over the angel , and prevailed : he wept , and made supplication unto him : he found him in Bethel , and there he spake with us ; 12 : 5 Even the LORD God of hosts ; the LORD is his memorial .
36 : 21 But I had pity for mine holy name , which the house of Israel had profaned among the heathen , whither they went .
22 : 8 He that soweth iniquity shall reap vanity : and the rod of his anger shall fail .
Dixon , I felt how much more probable that it should be the tribute of warm female friendship .
said she , " I get quite anxious about you .
22 : 17 And the Spirit and the bride say , Come .
" Infirmity !"
106 : 42 Their enemies also oppressed them , and they were brought into subjection under their hand .
Knightley really wished to marry , you would not have him refrain on Henry ' s account , a boy of six years old , who knows nothing of the matter ?"
27 : 43 He trusted in God ; let him deliver him now , if he will have him : for he said , I am the Son of God .
Emma was in the humour to value simplicity and modesty to the utmost ; and all that was amiable , all that ought to be attaching , seemed on Harriet ' s side , not her own .
Their minds most dissimilar !
Anne ' s good - will , however , was not to be lessened by what she heard .
21 : 23 And Sihon would not suffer Israel to pass through his border : but Sihon gathered all his people together , and went out against Israel into the wilderness : and he came to Jahaz , and fought against Israel .
I consider him , on the contrary , as a very respectable man , who has every body ' s good word , and nobody ' s notice ; who , has more money than he can spend , more time than he knows how to employ , and two new coats every year ."
Will not it be a good plan ?
She has been taught nothing useful , and is too young and too simple to have acquired any thing herself .
4 : 7 But we have this treasure in earthen vessels , that the excellency of the power may be of God , and not of us .
4 : 28 All this came upon the king Nebuchadnezzar .
144 : 11 Rid me , and deliver me from the hand of strange children , whose mouth speaketh vanity , and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood : 144 : 12 That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth ; that our daughters may be as corner stones , polished after the similitude of a palace : 144 : 13 That our garners may be full , affording all manner of store : that our sheep may bring forth thousands and ten thousands in our streets : 144 : 14 That our oxen may be strong to labour ; that there be no breaking in , nor going out ; that there be no complaining in our streets .
119 : 141 I am small and despised : yet do not I forget thy precepts .
11 : 3 And David sent and enquired after the woman .
24 : 29 Say not , I will do so to him as he hath done to me : I will render to the man according to his work .
40 : 10 I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart ; I have declared thy faithfulness and thy salvation : I have not concealed thy lovingkindness and thy truth from the great congregation .
1 : 20 And the children of Reuben , Israel ' s eldest son , by their generations , after their families , by the house of their fathers , according to the number of the names , by their polls , every male from twenty years old and upward , all that were able to go forth to war ; 1 : 21 Those that were numbered of them , even of the tribe of Reuben , were forty and six thousand and five hundred .
Dixon .
4 : 8 Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort : 4 : 9 Then wrote Rehum the chancellor , and Shimshai the scribe , and the rest of their companions ; the Dinaites , the Apharsathchites , the Tarpelites , the Apharsites , the Archevites , the Babylonians , the Susanchites , the Dehavites , and the Elamites , 4 : 10 And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnapper brought over , and set in the cities of Samaria , and the rest that are on this side the river , and at such a time .
39 : 3 My heart was hot within me , while I was musing the fire burned : then spake I with my tongue , 39 : 4 LORD , make me to know mine end , and the measure of my days , what it is : that I may know how frail I am .
I recollect .
6 : 15 Know ye not that your bodies are the members of Christ ?
I have something of consequence to inform you of , which I was on the point of communicating by paper .
22 : 37 And Balak said unto Balaam , Did I not earnestly send unto thee to call thee ?
Harriet was standing at one of the windows .
19 : 11 Ye shall not steal , neither deal falsely , neither lie one to another .
THE COUNTRY MOUSE AND THE CITY MOUSE Once a little mouse who lived in the country invited a little mouse from the city to visit him .
Elton were most desirable or most natural .
or look we for another ?
16 : 9 Then washed I thee with water ; yea , I throughly washed away thy blood from thee , and I anointed thee with oil .
And he said , Thy servant is he .
His mother wished to interest him in political concerns , to get him into parliament , or to see him connected with some of the great men of the day .
24 : 29 But they constrained him , saying , Abide with us : for it is toward evening , and the day is far spent .
Edward !
21 : 25 And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day : for there shall be no night there .
3 : 6 And we utterly destroyed them , as we did unto Sihon king of Heshbon , utterly destroying the men , women , and children , of every city .
20 : 2 Then he turned his face to the wall , and prayed unto the LORD , saying , 20 : 3 I beseech thee , O LORD , remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart , and have done that which is good in thy sight .
2 : 1 And when the day of Pentecost was fully come , they were all with one accord in one place .
He knew her illnesses ; they never occurred but for her own convenience .
102 : 3 For my days are consumed like smoke , and my bones are burned as an hearth .
Weston might be growing older ten years hence -- to have his fireside enlivened by the sports and the nonsense , the freaks and the fancies of a child never banished from home ; and Mrs .
Selah .
Where can Lyca sleep ? "
But I live out of the world , and am often astonished at what I hear .
11 : 38 But if any water be put upon the seed , and any part of their carcase fall thereon , it shall be unclean unto you .
21 : 2 Every way of a man is right in his own eyes : but the LORD pondereth the hearts .
What sayest thou of thyself ?
1 : 3 So they sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of Israel , and found Abishag a Shunammite , and brought her to the king .
34 : 10 It shall not be quenched night nor day ; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever : from generation to generation it shall lie waste ; none shall pass through it for ever and ever .
And when Saul heard that , he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon .
God forbid .
Yes , oh !
Mr Brown had seen gardeners do it when he was a little boy , and he did it very nicely : he walked along the sides of the square , with one foot turned a little out , and the other straight , taking such tiny steps that his feet touched each other all the time .
All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities .
Emma then looked up , and immediately saw how it was ; and after a moment ' s debate , as to whether it should pass unnoticed or not , replied , " Never marry !-- This is a new resolution ."
Emma agreed to it , and with a blush of sensibility on Harriet ' s account , which she could not give any sincere explanation of . "
6 : 12 Then they came near , and spake before the king concerning the king ' s decree ; Hast thou not signed a decree , that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days , save of thee , O king , shall be cast into the den of lions ?
23 : 35 And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh ; but he taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of Pharaoh : he exacted the silver and the gold of the people of the land , of every one according to his taxation , to give it unto Pharaohnechoh .
She got up with a headache , was unable to talk , and unwilling to take any nourishment ; giving pain every moment to her mother and sisters , and forbidding all attempt at consolation from either .
29 : 22 So they killed the bullocks , and the priests received the blood , and sprinkled it on the altar : likewise , when they had killed the rams , they sprinkled the blood upon the altar : they killed also the lambs , and they sprinkled the blood upon the altar .
22 : 40 And Balak offered oxen and sheep , and sent to Balaam , and to the princes that were with him .
11 : 11 And Uriah said unto David , The ark , and Israel , and Judah , abide in tents ; and my lord Joab , and the servants of my lord , are encamped in the open fields ; shall I then go into mine house , to eat and to drink , and to lie with my wife ?
1 : 29 And God said , Behold , I have given you every herb bearing seed , which is upon the face of all the earth , and every tree , in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed ; to you it shall be for meat .
Dashwood ill ?'
5 : 6 In the days of Shamgar the son of Anath , in the days of Jael , the highways were unoccupied , and the travellers walked through byways .
26 : 11 With the hoofs of his horses shall he tread down all thy streets : he shall slay thy people by the sword , and thy strong garrisons shall go down to the ground .
Captain Benwick and Louisa Musgrove !
11 : 5 Now Jesus loved Martha , and her sister , and Lazarus .
" Where is the green - house to be ?"
21 : 25 The desire of the slothful killeth him ; for his hands refuse to labour .
This also I saw , that it was from the hand of God .
And then he called his son and told him to ask all the uncles and cousins to come to - morrow and cut the corn .
19 : 22 So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him , Timotheus and Erastus ; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season .
Woodhouse ' s mind , or any wonderful change of his nervous system , but by the operation of the same system in another way .-- Mrs .
At last , as Louisa thought about it , she came to care more about helping her mother and her father and her sisters than about anything else in all the world .
15 : 28 And he was angry , and would not go in : therefore came his father out , and intreated him .
3 : 11 And Moses said unto God , Who am I , that I should go unto Pharaoh , and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt ?
8 : 20 I lead in the way of righteousness , in the midst of the paths of judgment : 8 : 21 That I may cause those that love me to inherit substance ; and I will fill their treasures .
35 : 4 Say to them that are of a fearful heart , Be strong , fear not : behold , your God will come with vengeance , even God with a recompence ; he will come and save you .
12 : 3 And in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised .
and the sons of Zibeon ; Aiah , and Anah .
22 : 11 Then the king sent to call Ahimelech the priest , the son of Ahitub , and all his father ' s house , the priests that were in Nob : and they came all of them to the king .
22 : 14 For many are called , but few are chosen .
48 : 28 O ye that dwell in Moab , leave the cities , and dwell in the rock , and be like the dove that maketh her nest in the sides of the hole ' s mouth .
31 : 23 For destruction from God was a terror to me , and by reason of his highness I could not endure .
10 : 20 And it came to pass , when Joshua and the children of Israel had made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter , till they were consumed , that the rest which remained of them entered into fenced cities .
21 : 20 Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign , and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years , and departed without being desired .
" Much nearer thirty ," said her husband . "
7 : 2 Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens , the male and his female : and of beasts that are not clean by two , the male and his female .
" Do you know what kind of a girl Miss Grey is ?
as for me , my judgment is worth nothing .
19 : 15 And it came to pass , that when he was returned , having received the kingdom , then he commanded these servants to be called unto him , to whom he had given the money , that he might know how much every man had gained by trading .
Oh !
1 : 14 And David said unto him , How wast thou not afraid to stretch forth thine hand to destroy the LORD ' s anointed ?
2 : 19 For I through the law am dead to the law , that I might live unto God .
no -- a very bad plan .
What can bring her here so often ?"
The idea of your making such a noise , with your shouting and singing !
CHAPTER V Small heart had Harriet for visiting .
8 : 13 And Hazael said , But what , is thy servant a dog , that he should do this great thing ?
In the ways hast thou sat for them , as the Arabian in the wilderness ; and thou hast polluted the land with thy whoredoms and with thy wickedness .
6 : 33 For the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven , and giveth life unto the world .
You know ," said she , " I cannot think him at all a fit match for Henrietta ; and considering the alliances which the Musgroves have made , she has no right to throw herself away .
29 : 33 And she conceived again , and bare a son ; and said , Because the LORD hath heard I was hated , he hath therefore given me this son also : and she called his name Simeon .
57 : 13 When thou criest , let thy companies deliver thee ; but the wind shall carry them all away ; vanity shall take them : but he that putteth his trust in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain ; 57 : 14 And shall say , Cast ye up , cast ye up , prepare the way , take up the stumblingblock out of the way of my people .
35 : 16 Because the sons of Jonadab the son of Rechab have performed the commandment of their father , which he commanded them ; but this people hath not hearkened unto me : 35 : 17 Therefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts , the God of Israel ; Behold , I will bring upon Judah and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem all the evil that I have pronounced against them : because I have spoken unto them , but they have not heard ; and I have called unto them , but they have not answered .
So they made him ride in his chariot .
14 : 26 But the Comforter , which is the Holy Ghost , whom the Father will send in my name , he shall teach you all things , and bring all things to your remembrance , whatsoever I have said unto you .
7 : 3 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , Amend your ways and your doings , and I will cause you to dwell in this place .
22 : 34 He maketh my feet like hinds ' feet : and setteth me upon my high places .
and why art thou disquieted within me ?
said the little Jackal . "
I protest against having paid the smallest attention to any one else .
3 : 14 I was a derision to all my people ; and their song all the day .
They continued together with unabated regard however , till the marriage of Miss Campbell , who by that chance , that luck which so often defies anticipation in matrimonial affairs , giving attraction to what is moderate rather than to what is superior , engaged the affections of Mr .
She was the first to announce it to Mr .
101 : 6 Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land , that they may dwell with me : he that walketh in a perfect way , he shall serve me .
who will hearken and hear for the time to come ?
25 : 27 Now after the time that Amaziah did turn away from following the LORD they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem ; and he fled to Lachish : but they sent to Lachish after him , and slew him there .
She had , however , one very intimate friend , a sensible , deserving woman , who had been brought , by strong attachment to herself , to settle close by her , in the village of Kellynch ; and on her kindness and advice , Lady Elliot mainly relied for the best help and maintenance of the good principles and instruction which she had been anxiously giving her daughters .
Are you in any doubt as to that ?
53 : 6 All we like sheep have gone astray ; we have turned every one to his own way ; and the LORD hath laid on him the iniquity of us all .
43 : 3 And it was according to the appearance of the vision which I saw , even according to the vision that I saw when I came to destroy the city : and the visions were like the vision that I saw by the river Chebar ; and I fell upon my face .
16 : 13 Then Samuel took the horn of oil , and anointed him in the midst of his brethren : and the Spirit of the LORD came upon David from that day forward .
13 : 1 When Ephraim spake trembling , he exalted himself in Israel ; but when he offended in Baal , he died .
" No , ma ' am .
11 : 11 And it was so on the morrow , that Saul put the people in three companies ; and they came into the midst of the host in the morning watch , and slew the Ammonites until the heat of the day : and it came to pass , that they which remained were scattered , so that two of them were not left together .
and hath he not given you rest on every side ?
Jennings , " and how did it end ?"
18 : 14 And when Moses ' father in law saw all that he did to the people , he said , What is this thing that thou doest to the people ?
8 : 18 Take heed therefore how ye hear : for whosoever hath , to him shall be given ; and whosoever hath not , from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have .
28 : 2 And , behold , there was a great earthquake : for the angel of the Lord descended from heaven , and came and rolled back the stone from the door , and sat upon it .
Jesus answered and said unto him , Before that Philip called thee , when thou wast under the fig tree , I saw thee .
Often as she had wished for and ordered it , she had never been able to get any thing tolerable .
It was a valley of brown , bare , desert soil , in a climate where almost no rain falls ; but the snow on the mountain - tops sent down little streams of pure water , the winds were gentle , and lying like a blue jewel at the foot of the western hills was a marvellous lake of salt water ,-- an inland sea .
Emma had feelings , less of curiosity than of pride or propriety , to make her resolve on not being the last to pay her respects ; and she made a point of Harriet ' s going with her , that the worst of the business might be gone through as soon as possible .
1 : 17 Now the LORD had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
I observed no one in particular ."
46 : 2 And the prince shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate without , and shall stand by the post of the gate , and the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings , and he shall worship at the threshold of the gate : then he shall go forth ; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening .
13 : 11 And I will punish the world for their evil , and the wicked for their iniquity ; and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease , and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible .
2 : 13 And Joab the son of Zeruiah , and the servants of David , went out , and met together by the pool of Gibeon : and they sat down , the one on the one side of the pool , and the other on the other side of the pool .
6 : 48 And he saw them toiling in rowing ; for the wind was contrary unto them : and about the fourth watch of the night he cometh unto them , walking upon the sea , and would have passed by them .
And he said , There remaineth yet the youngest , and , behold , he keepeth the sheep .
13 : 3 And the angel of the LORD appeared unto the woman , and said unto her , Behold now , thou art barren , and bearest not : but thou shalt conceive , and bear a son .
" I do think it is , without exception , the best charade I ever read ."
3 : 11 And they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the LORD ; because he is good , for his mercy endureth for ever toward Israel .
18 : 28 And Saul saw and knew that the LORD was with David , and that Michal Saul ' s daughter loved him .
Amen .
5 : 21 Woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes , and prudent in their own sight !
16 : 16 Salute one another with an holy kiss .
2 : 2 For if there come unto your assembly a man with a gold ring , in goodly apparel , and there come in also a poor man in vile raiment ; 2 : 3 And ye have respect to him that weareth the gay clothing , and say unto him , Sit thou here in a good place ; and say to the poor , Stand thou there , or sit here under my footstool : 2 : 4 Are ye not then partial in yourselves , and are become judges of evil thoughts ?
24 : 23 And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul , and to let him have liberty , and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him .
and Mrs .
Has not my consent been daily asked by his looks , his manner , his attentive and affectionate respect ?
74 : 4 Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregations ; they set up their ensigns for signs .
He met with a clever young German artist at the Cape , and in compliance with a promise to my poor sister , sat to him , and was bringing it home for her ; and I have now the charge of getting it properly set for another !
11 : 14 And all the spoil of these cities , and the cattle , the children of Israel took for a prey unto themselves ; but every man they smote with the edge of the sword , until they had destroyed them , neither left they any to breathe .
I never hear better sense from any one than Robert Martin .
7 : 6 And Esther said , The adversary and enemy is this wicked Haman .
Would they only have gone away , and left her in the quiet possession of that room it would have been her cure ; but to have them all standing or waiting around her was distracting , and in desperation , she said she would go home . "
106 : 9 He rebuked the Red sea also , and it was dried up : so he led them through the depths , as through the wilderness .
6 : 4 Then said they , What shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ?
22 : 5 And Abraham said unto his young men , Abide ye here with the ass ; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship , and come again to you .
18 : 32 Then his lord , after that he had called him , said unto him , O thou wicked servant , I forgave thee all that debt , because thou desiredst me : 18 : 33 Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant , even as I had pity on thee ?
therefore thou shalt not come down off that bed on which thou art gone up , but shalt surely die .
2 : 25 If one man sin against another , the judge shall judge him : but if a man sin against the LORD , who shall intreat for him ?
roll !"
To know that Marianne was in town was -- in the same language -- a thunderbolt .-- Thunderbolts and daggers !-- what a reproof would she have given me !-- her taste , her opinions -- I believe they are better known to me than my own ,-- and I am sure they are dearer ."
23 : 28 Wherefore Saul returned from pursuing after David , and went against the Philistines : therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth .
28 : 11 And Hananiah spake in the presence of all the people , saying , Thus saith the LORD ; Even so will I break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within the space of two full years .
6 : 9 And see , if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh , then he hath done us this great evil : but if not , then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us : it was a chance that happened to us .
110 : 7 He shall drink of the brook in the way : therefore shall he lift up the head .
Elsa ' s husband had a hard time of it ; he had only poor food to eat , and it was not ready at the right time , and the house looked all in a muddle .
" Do you think so ?
Get up and go over all the rooms in the house if you like it ."
135 : 13 Thy name , O LORD , endureth for ever ; and thy memorial , O LORD , throughout all generations .
a great pity indeed !
25 : 55 For unto me the children of Israel are servants ; they are my servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt : I am the LORD your God .
86 : 11 Teach me thy way , O LORD ; I will walk in thy truth : unite my heart to fear thy name .
And all the people stood to the covenant .
15 : 22 So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea , and they went out into the wilderness of Shur ; and they went three days in the wilderness , and found no water .
They proceed from no misconduct , and can bring no disgrace .
39 : 4 Then said he , What have they seen in thine house ?
16 : 27 And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep , and seeing the prison doors open , he drew out his sword , and would have killed himself , supposing that the prisoners had been fled .
because I love you not ?
5 : 18 And , behold , men brought in a bed a man which was taken with a palsy : and they sought means to bring him in , and to lay him before him .
go down , and be thou laid with the uncircumcised .
Perry was always particularly fond of my mother -- indeed I do not know who is not -- and she had mentioned it to her in confidence ; she had no objection to her telling us , of course , but it was not to go beyond : and , from that day to this , I never mentioned it to a soul that I know of .
When he was here before , we made the best of it ; but there was a good deal of wet , damp , cheerless weather ; there always is in February , you know , and we could not do half that we intended .
40 : 2 And the captain of the guard took Jeremiah , and said unto him , The LORD thy God hath pronounced this evil upon this place .
It would have been strange if I had not gone ."
77 : 13 Thy way , O God , is in the sanctuary : who is so great a God as our God ?
35 : 9 No lion shall be there , nor any ravenous beast shall go up thereon , it shall not be found there ; but the redeemed shall walk there : 35 : 10 And the ransomed of the LORD shall return , and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads : they shall obtain joy and gladness , and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
20 : 4 Then said the king to Amasa , Assemble me the men of Judah within three days , and be thou here present .
2 : 1 Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die ; and he charged Solomon his son , saying , 2 : 2 I go the way of all the earth : be thou strong therefore , and shew thyself a man ; 2 : 3 And keep the charge of the LORD thy God , to walk in his ways , to keep his statutes , and his commandments , and his judgments , and his testimonies , as it is written in the law of Moses , that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest , and whithersoever thou turnest thyself : 2 : 4 That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me , saying , If thy children take heed to their way , to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul , there shall not fail thee ( said he ) a man on the throne of Israel .
10 : 17 But he that glorieth , let him glory in the Lord .
So that broke up the bargain between them .
10 : 22 Do we provoke the Lord to jealousy ?
Not that she _wanted_ him to marry .
42 : 4 And before the chambers was a walk to ten cubits breadth inward , a way of one cubit ; and their doors toward the north .
A pleasant " thank you " seemed meant to laugh it off , but a blush , a quivering lip , a tear in the eye , shewed that it was felt beyond a laugh .
or loweth the ox over his fodder ?
10 : 2 And the Pharisees came to him , and asked him , Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife ?
11 : 19 Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land : but he shall stumble and fall , and not be found .
He undertakes it ;" ( looking towards Captain Wentworth ,) " he is writing about it now ."
" Oh !
28 : 18 Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved : but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once .
3 : 19 Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury , and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego : therefore he spake , and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated .
There lived out o ' er the hill , In a great din o ' rocks , A crafty , shly , and wicked Ould folly iv a Fox .
15 : 26 But when the Comforter is come , whom I will send unto you from the Father , even the Spirit of truth , which proceedeth from the Father , he shall testify of me : 15 : 27 And ye also shall bear witness , because ye have been with me from the beginning .
Such a debasement on his !
At last we are alone .
They had run away so many times that they were quite thin and very tired , and they could not run so fast any more .
6 : 7 Now therefore there is utterly a fault among you , because ye go to law one with another .
How do you do , Mr .
3 : 20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light , neither cometh to the light , lest his deeds should be reproved .
Dear Miss Woodhouse , how could you so mistake me ?"
16 : 5 The LORD is the portion of mine inheritance and of my cup : thou maintainest my lot .
48 : 14 And Israel stretched out his right hand , and laid it upon Ephraim ' s head , who was the younger , and his left hand upon Manasseh ' s head , guiding his hands wittingly ; for Manasseh was the firstborn .
10 : 12 And the king made of the almug trees pillars for the house of the LORD , and for the king ' s house , harps also and psalteries for singers : there came no such almug trees , nor were seen unto this day .
21 : 14 And when he would not be persuaded , we ceased , saying , The will of the Lord be done .
16 : 16 A little while , and ye shall not see me : and again , a little while , and ye shall see me , because I go to the Father .
But she returned not .
4 : 23 Take heed unto yourselves , lest ye forget the covenant of the LORD your God , which he made with you , and make you a graven image , or the likeness of any thing , which the LORD thy God hath forbidden thee .
This ," said she , " is nearly the sense , or rather the meaning of the words , for certainly the sense of an Italian love - song must not be talked of , but it is as nearly the meaning as I can give ; for I do not pretend to understand the language .
Aye , aye , the parsonage is but a small one ," said she , after the first ebullition of surprise and satisfaction was over , " and very likely MAY be out of repair ; but to hear a man apologising , as I thought , for a house that to my knowledge has five sitting rooms on the ground - floor , and I think the housekeeper told me could make up fifteen beds !-- and to you too , that had been used to live in Barton cottage !-- It seems quite ridiculous .
And it cannot be for the value of our custom now , for what is our consumption of bread , you know ?
I sat down under his shadow with great delight , and his fruit was sweet to my taste .
1 : 3 Why dost thou shew me iniquity , and cause me to behold grievance ?
15 : 25 Now therefore , I pray thee , pardon my sin , and turn again with me , that I may worship the LORD .
Elton ' s only objection , and Mr .
13 : 16 And Saul , and Jonathan his son , and the people that were present with them , abode in Gibeah of Benjamin : but the Philistines encamped in Michmash .
10 : 18 And the Syrians fled before Israel ; and David slew the men of seven hundred chariots of the Syrians , and forty thousand horsemen , and smote Shobach the captain of their host , who died there .
12 : 2 They were armed with bows , and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow , even of Saul ' s brethren of Benjamin .
2 : 1 And again he entered into Capernaum after some days ; and it was noised that he was in the house .
1 : 8 Now when she had weaned Loruhamah , she conceived , and bare a son .
6 : 1 On that night could not the king sleep , and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles ; and they were read before the king .
57 : 20 But the wicked are like the troubled sea , when it cannot rest , whose waters cast up mire and dirt .
So the good Moon made a light and went along with him , and the little trundle - bed boat went sailing down the streets into the main street of the village .
When he was a little way from the bank he turned his head , and said , " You are too heavy on my tail , little Gingerbread Boy , I fear I shall let you get wet ; jump on my back ."
8 : 23 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; In those days it shall come to pass , that ten men shall take hold out of all languages of the nations , even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew , saying , We will go with you : for we have heard that God is with you .
Weston to him -- not in the least suspecting that she was addressing a lover .--" The expression of the eye is most correct , but Miss Smith has not those eyebrows and eyelashes .
They shall no longer worry others , nor torture myself .
3 : 10 From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants , even the daughter of my dispersed , shall bring mine offering .
31 : 20 And purify all your raiment , and all that is made of skins , and all work of goats ' hair , and all things made of wood .
23 : 20 Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar , sweareth by it , and by all things thereon .
I think my father certainly ought to hear of it ; do mention all about him ."
20 : 10 And Benhadad sent unto him , and said , The gods do so unto me , and more also , if the dust of Samaria shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me .
5 : 16 Let your light so shine before men , that they may see your good works , and glorify your Father which is in heaven .
4 : 6 And they came thither into the midst of the house , as though they would have fetched wheat ; and they smote him under the fifth rib : and Rechab and Baanah his brother escaped .
13 : 35 And Jonadab said unto the king , Behold , the king ' s sons come : as thy servant said , so it is .
As for me Daniel , my cogitations much troubled me , and my countenance changed in me : but I kept the matter in my heart .
The LORD hath loved him : he will do his pleasure on Babylon , and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans .
51 : 14 The LORD of hosts hath sworn by himself , saying , Surely I will fill thee with men , as with caterpillers ; and they shall lift up a shout against thee .
73 : 27 For , lo , they that are far from thee shall perish : thou hast destroyed all them that go a whoring from thee .
18 : 31 So when his fellowservants saw what was done , they were very sorry , and came and told unto their lord all that was done .
59 : 1 Behold , the LORD ' s hand is not shortened , that it cannot save ; neither his ear heavy , that it cannot hear : 59 : 2 But your iniquities have separated between you and your God , and your sins have hid his face from you , that he will not hear .
They might all have hoped to rise by Harriet ' s acquaintance : and besides , what was the value of Harriet ' s description ?-- So easily pleased -- so little discerning ;-- what signified her praise ?
11 : 4 Then came the messengers to Gibeah of Saul , and told the tidings in the ears of the people : and all the people lifted up their voices , and wept .
2 : 10 And the child grew , and she brought him unto Pharaoh ' s daughter , and he became her son .
Then , there is a dove - cote , some delightful stew - ponds , and a very pretty canal ; and every thing , in short , that one could wish for ; and , moreover , it is close to the church , and only a quarter of a mile from the turnpike - road , so ' tis never dull , for if you only go and sit up in an old yew arbour behind the house , you may see all the carriages that pass along .
51 : 6 Flee out of the midst of Babylon , and deliver every man his soul : be not cut off in her iniquity ; for this is the time of the LORD ' s vengeance ; he will render unto her a recompence .
Willoughby was out of the question .
" Well , she is to marry him .
It is the fault of her face that she has them not ."
And you can be always with me .
I have the pleasure , madam , ( to Mrs .
28 : 7 And go quickly , and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead ; and , behold , he goeth before you into Galilee ; there shall ye see him : lo , I have told you .
64 : 7 And there is none that calleth upon thy name , that stirreth up himself to take hold of thee : for thou hast hid thy face from us , and hast consumed us , because of our iniquities .
75 : 2 When I shall receive the congregation I will judge uprightly .
10 : 9 Whoso removeth stones shall be hurt therewith ; and he that cleaveth wood shall be endangered thereby .
10 : 6 And it came to pass , that when he had commanded the man clothed with linen , saying , Take fire from between the wheels , from between the cherubims ; then he went in , and stood beside the wheels .
1 : 13 Now I would not have you ignorant , brethren , that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you , ( but was let hitherto ,) that I might have some fruit among you also , even as among other Gentiles .
38 : 3 And she conceived , and bare a son ; and he called his name Er .
Ten minutes would have been all that was necessary , perhaps all that was proper ; and I had told my father I should certainly be at home before him -- but there was no getting away , no pause ; and , to my utter astonishment , I found , when he ( finding me nowhere else ) joined me there at last , that I had been actually sitting with them very nearly three - quarters of an hour .
We are all unanimous in that wish , I suppose ," said Elinor , " in spite of the insufficiency of wealth ."
These are the motives which I have been pressing on you .
28 : 10 For precept must be upon precept , precept upon precept ; line upon line , line upon line ; here a little , and there a little : 28 : 11 For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people .
Churchill ' s loss would be dreadful indeed .
1 : 17 The beams of our house are cedar , and our rafters of fir .
30 : 34 And the LORD said unto Moses , Take unto thee sweet spices , stacte , and onycha , and galbanum ; these sweet spices with pure frankincense : of each shall there be a like weight : 30 : 35 And thou shalt make it a perfume , a confection after the art of the apothecary , tempered together , pure and holy : 30 : 36 And thou shalt beat some of it very small , and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation , where I will meet with thee : it shall be unto you most holy .
A man like him , in his situation !
5 : 36 Neither shalt thou swear by thy head , because thou canst not make one hair white or black .
30 : 26 Moreover the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun , and the light of the sun shall be sevenfold , as the light of seven days , in the day that the LORD bindeth up the breach of his people , and healeth the stroke of their wound .
2 : 22 For what hath man of all his labour , and of the vexation of his heart , wherein he hath laboured under the sun ?
Weston ' s parting injunction ; spoken with some anxiety , and meant only for her . "
Do but look , mama , how sweet !
1 : 7 And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire upon the altar , and lay the wood in order upon the fire : 1 : 8 And the priests , Aaron ' s sons , shall lay the parts , the head , and the fat , in order upon the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar : 1 : 9 But his inwards and his legs shall he wash in water : and the priest shall burn all on the altar , to be a burnt sacrifice , an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
17 : 19 And for their sakes I sanctify myself , that they also might be sanctified through the truth .
18 : 7 And Abraham ran unto the herd , and fetcht a calf tender and good , and gave it unto a young man ; and he hasted to dress it .
2 : 11 He that hath an ear , let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches ; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death .
23 : 8 For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection , neither angel , nor spirit : but the Pharisees confess both .
46 : 11 And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering shall be an ephah to a bullock , and an ephah to a ram , and to the lambs as he is able to give , and an hin of oil to an ephah .
9 : 15 For now I will stretch out my hand , that I may smite thee and thy people with pestilence ; and thou shalt be cut off from the earth .
4 : 39 And they went to the entrance of Gedor , even unto the east side of the valley , to seek pasture for their flocks .
These two lie folded up in the little seed from the beginning , and are full of plant food .
26 : 13 O LORD our God , other lords beside thee have had dominion over us : but by thee only will we make mention of thy name .
Then he felt drowsy from the heat and the early ride , so he pulled his hat over his eyes , and settled himself for a nap . "
15 : 46 Howbeit that was not first which is spiritual , but that which is natural ; and afterward that which is spiritual .
11 : 1 And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem , he gathered of the house of Judah and Benjamin an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen men , which were warriors , to fight against Israel , that he might bring the kingdom again to Rehoboam .
24 : 22 Ye shall have one manner of law , as well for the stranger , as for one of your own country : for I am the LORD your God .
" Ah !
9 : 11 Then Jehu came forth to the servants of his lord : and one said unto him , Is all well ?
" At any rate ," said Elinor , wishing to prevent Mrs .
Martin again without perceiving him to be a very inferior creature -- and rather wondering at yourself for having ever thought him at all agreeable before .
Jennings ' s intimate acquaintance , whom she had met and invited in the morning , dined with them .
3 : 9 Lie not one to another , seeing that ye have put off the old man with his deeds ; 3 : 10 And have put on the new man , which is renewed in knowledge after the image of him that created him : 3 : 11 Where there is neither Greek nor Jew , circumcision nor uncircumcision , Barbarian , Scythian , bond nor free : but Christ is all , and in all .
Another story that they acted was _Cinderella_ .
25 : 38 When saw we thee a stranger , and took thee in ?
Anne felt truly obliged to her for such kindness ; and quite as much so for the opportunity it gave her of decidedly saying -- " If it depended only on my inclination , ma ' am , the party at home ( excepting on Mary ' s account ) would not be the smallest impediment .
14 : 13 And Jonathan climbed up upon his hands and upon his feet , and his armourbearer after him : and they fell before Jonathan ; and his armourbearer slew after him .
17 : 12 But I say unto you , That Elias is come already , and they knew him not , but have done unto him whatsoever they listed .
6 : 11 And we desire that every one of you do shew the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end : 6 : 12 That ye be not slothful , but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises .
10 : 34 And we cast the lots among the priests , the Levites , and the people , for the wood offering , to bring it into the house of our God , after the houses of our fathers , at times appointed year by year , to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God , as it is written in the law : 10 : 35 And to bring the firstfruits of our ground , and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees , year by year , unto the house of the LORD : 10 : 36 Also the firstborn of our sons , and of our cattle , as it is written in the law , and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks , to bring to the house of our God , unto the priests that minister in the house of our God : 10 : 37 And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough , and our offerings , and the fruit of all manner of trees , of wine and of oil , unto the priests , to the chambers of the house of our God ; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites , that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage .
1 : 5 Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart , and of a good conscience , and of faith unfeigned : 1 : 6 From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling ; 1 : 7 Desiring to be teachers of the law ; understanding neither what they say , nor whereof they affirm .
25 : 5 If brethren dwell together , and one of them die , and have no child , the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger : her husband ' s brother shall go in unto her , and take her to him to wife , and perform the duty of an husband ' s brother unto her .
26 : 18 We have been with child , we have been in pain , we have as it were brought forth wind ; we have not wrought any deliverance in the earth ; neither have the inhabitants of the world fallen .
12 : 2 They speak vanity every one with his neighbour : with flattering lips and with a double heart do they speak .
said Elinor , " do you call Colonel Brandon infirm ?
33 : 13 And they departed from Dophkah , and encamped in Alush .
An ancient family to be so driven away !
Dashwood went away delighted with both . "
Is God unrighteous who taketh vengeance ?
14 : 23 And when they had ordained them elders in every church , and had prayed with fasting , they commended them to the Lord , on whom they believed .
15 : 32 Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross , that we may see and believe .
35 : 7 Thus will I make mount Seir most desolate , and cut off from it him that passeth out and him that returneth .
2 : 24 And the Pharisees said unto him , Behold , why do they on the sabbath day that which is not lawful ?
My dear ," said he to his lady , " it is very provoking that we should be so few .
2 : 15 Study to shew thyself approved unto God , a workman that needeth not to be ashamed , rightly dividing the word of truth .
She restrained herself , however , from any of the reproofs she could have given , and only thanked Mrs .
23 : 15 And it shall come to pass in that day , that Tyre shall be forgotten seventy years , according to the days of one king : after the end of seventy years shall Tyre sing as an harlot .
CHAPTER 30 Mrs .
20 : 26 And they could not take hold of his words before the people : and they marvelled at his answer , and held their peace .
27 : 1 When the morning was come , all the chief priests and elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death : 27 : 2 And when they had bound him , they led him away , and delivered him to Pontius Pilate the governor .
cried Marianne in the wildest anxiety . "
I have always heard him spoken of as such , and your brother I know esteems him highly .
22 : 4 Again , he sent forth other servants , saying , Tell them which are bidden , Behold , I have prepared my dinner : my oxen and my fatlings are killed , and all things are ready : come unto the marriage .
" Or that he did not give her the use of their own instrument -- which must now be shut up in London , untouched by any body ."
25 : 3 Yea , let none that wait on thee be ashamed : let them be ashamed which transgress without cause .
And after the wise men had looked closely at them and read the magic letters which were cut upon their edge , they said that the millstones were precious indeed , since they would grind out of nothing anything that the miller might wish .
or canst thou mark when the hinds do calve ?
Is it a light thing to the house of Judah that they commit the abominations which they commit here ?
1 : 18 When she saw that she was stedfastly minded to go with her , then she left speaking unto her .
12 : 12 And they sought to lay hold on him , but feared the people : for they knew that he had spoken the parable against them : and they left him , and went their way .
4 : 34 Or hath God assayed to go and take him a nation from the midst of another nation , by temptations , by signs , and by wonders , and by war , and by a mighty hand , and by a stretched out arm , and by great terrors , according to all that the LORD your God did for you in Egypt before your eyes ?
And the children of Israel did as the LORD commanded Moses .
45 : 14 And he fell upon his brother Benjamin ' s neck , and wept ; and Benjamin wept upon his neck .
Emma spoke with a very proper degree of pleasure ; and fully assented to his proposition of Mr .
45 : 4 And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness ; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things .
22 : 17 He sent from above , he took me ; he drew me out of many waters ; 22 : 18 He delivered me from my strong enemy , and from them that hated me : for they were too strong for me .
29 : 29 Now the acts of David the king , first and last , behold , they are written in the book of Samuel the seer , and in the book of Nathan the prophet , and in the book of Gad the seer , 29 : 30 With all his reign and his might , and the times that went over him , and over Israel , and over all the kingdoms of the countries .
18 : 10 When ye go , ye shall come unto a people secure , and to a large land : for God hath given it into your hands ; a place where there is no want of any thing that is in the earth .
5 : 6 But when he saw Jesus afar off , he ran and worshipped him , 5 : 7 And cried with a loud voice , and said , What have I to do with thee , Jesus , thou Son of the most high God ?
No .
They are some of my very old friends .
said the first . "
3 : 18 There the prisoners rest together ; they hear not the voice of the oppressor .
36 : 6 And Esau took his wives , and his sons , and his daughters , and all the persons of his house , and his cattle , and all his beasts , and all his substance , which he had got in the land of Canaan ; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob .
33 : 1 These are the journeys of the children of Israel , which went forth out of the land of Egypt with their armies under the hand of Moses and Aaron .
They had too much sense to be desirable companions to the former ; and by the latter they were considered with a jealous eye , as intruding on THEIR ground , and sharing the kindness which they wanted to monopolize .
3 : 22 He that hath an ear , let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches .
11 : 4 And David sent messengers , and took her ; and she came in unto him , and he lay with her ; for she was purified from her uncleanness : and she returned unto her house .
And the word of the LORD was precious in those days ; there was no open vision .
23 : 14 Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
Jennings left them earlier than usual ; for she could not be easy till the Middletons and Palmers were able to grieve as much as herself ; and positively refusing Elinor ' s offered attendance , went out alone for the rest of the morning .
for they have filled the land with violence , and have returned to provoke me to anger : and , lo , they put the branch to their nose .
13 : 11 Finally , brethren , farewell .
17 : 10 And his disciples asked him , saying , Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come ?
do you recommend this side ?-- Well , I am sure , Mr .
1 : 24 And Nathan said , My lord , O king , hast thou said , Adonijah shall reign after me , and he shall sit upon my throne ?
Dinner - parties and evening - parties were made for him and his lady ; and invitations flowed in so fast that she had soon the pleasure of apprehending they were never to have a disengaged day . "
So run , that ye may obtain .
50 : 13 Because of the wrath of the LORD it shall not be inhabited , but it shall be wholly desolate : every one that goeth by Babylon shall be astonished , and hiss at all her plagues .
Palmer ' s , who lived a few miles on the other side of Bath ; whither her husband promised , at her earnest entreaty , to join her in a day or two ; and whither she was almost equally urgent with her mother to accompany her .
16 : 51 Neither hath Samaria committed half of thy sins ; but thou hast multiplied thine abominations more than they , and hast justified thy sisters in all thine abominations which thou hast done .
42 : 8 Then called he Johanan the son of Kareah , and all the captains of the forces which were with him , and all the people from the least even to the greatest , 42 : 9 And said unto them , Thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel , unto whom ye sent me to present your supplication before him ; 42 : 10 If ye will still abide in this land , then will I build you , and not pull you down , and I will plant you , and not pluck you up : for I repent me of the evil that I have done unto you .
And , indeed , to own the truth , I do not think nurse , in her heart , is a very strenuous opposer of Sir Walter ' s making a second match .
This , Emma could not doubt , was all for herself .
14 : 13 Let us not therefore judge one another any more : but judge this rather , that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in his brother ' s way .
A degree or two lower , and a creditable appearance might interest me ; I might hope to be useful to their families in some way or other .
33 : 13 Why dost thou strive against him ?
2 : 13 And the priest ' s custom with the people was , that , when any man offered sacrifice , the priest ' s servant came , while the flesh was in seething , with a fleshhook of three teeth in his hand ; 2 : 14 And he struck it into the pan , or kettle , or caldron , or pot ; all that the fleshhook brought up the priest took for himself .
Weston , there is a step at the turning .
32 : 36 For the LORD shall judge his people , and repent himself for his servants , when he seeth that their power is gone , and there is none shut up , or left .
They heard her with surprise .
23 : 17 ( For of necessity he must release one unto them at the feast .)
So I got Sophy to lend me a hand , and we soon shifted their quarters ; and now I am quite snug , with my little shaving glass in one corner , and another great thing that I never go near ."
16 : 9 Seven weeks shalt thou number unto thee : begin to number the seven weeks from such time as thou beginnest to put the sickle to the corn .
8 : 25 But if we hope for that we see not , then do we with patience wait for it .
One perplexity , however , arose , which the gentlemen did not disdain .
He took it quickly in his forepaws , and then he took it in his mouth , and then he ran away .
The kind villagers left their work and ran to the field to help him .
She had been the only one of the set absent , for Sir Walter and Elizabeth had not only been quite at her ladyship ' s service themselves , but had actually been happy to be employed by her in collecting others , and had been at the trouble of inviting both Lady Russell and Mr Elliot ; and Mr Elliot had made a point of leaving Colonel Wallis early , and Lady Russell had fresh arranged all her evening engagements in order to wait on her .
Do tell me how it first came into your head ."
And he said , Let it not be known that a woman came into the floor .
7 : 37 Nevertheless he that standeth stedfast in his heart , having no necessity , but hath power over his own will , and hath so decreed in his heart that he will keep his virgin , doeth well .
17 : 8 It was planted in a good soil by great waters , that it might bring forth branches , and that it might bear fruit , that it might be a goodly vine .
1 : 15 And the angel of the LORD said unto Elijah , Go down with him : be not afraid of him .
10 : 14 Behold , the heaven and the heaven of heavens is the LORD ' s thy God , the earth also , with all that therein is .
33 : 15 And he took away the strange gods , and the idol out of the house of the LORD , and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the house of the LORD , and in Jerusalem , and cast them out of the city .
I was breakfasting at the Ellisons ,-- and her letter , with some others , was brought to me there from my lodgings .
What a disappointment it would be !
22 : 5 But they made light of it , and went their ways , one to his farm , another to his merchandise : 22 : 6 And the remnant took his servants , and entreated them spitefully , and slew them .
Elinor ," she cried , " you have made me hate myself for ever .-- How barbarous have I been to you !-- you , who have been my only comfort , who have borne with me in all my misery , who have seemed to be only suffering for me !-- Is this my gratitude ?-- Is this the only return I can make you ?-- Because your merit cries out upon myself , I have been trying to do it away ."
11 : 16 And Eber lived four and thirty years , and begat Peleg : 11 : 17 And Eber lived after he begat Peleg four hundred and thirty years , and begat sons and daughters .
6 : 20 Then David returned to bless his household .
My perpetual influence could not begin earlier , or you would not have been so much out of humour before ."
She was very much honoured , and should be happy in their acquaintance ."
and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with ?
Elton could not have suffered long ; but she was sorry for Harriet : Harriet must feel it -- and all that she could hope was , by giving the first information herself , to save her from hearing it abruptly from others .
20 : 37 And when the lad was come to the place of the arrow which Jonathan had shot , Jonathan cried after the lad , and said , Is not the arrow beyond thee ?
11 : 2 But Jehosheba , the daughter of king Joram , sister of Ahaziah , took Joash the son of Ahaziah , and stole him from among the king ' s sons which were slain ; and they hid him , even him and his nurse , in the bedchamber from Athaliah , so that he was not slain .
22 : 15 Shalt thou reign , because thou closest thyself in cedar ?
They all met , and were introduced .
14 : 6 And Joshua the son of Nun , and Caleb the son of Jephunneh , which were of them that searched the land , rent their clothes : 14 : 7 And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel , saying , The land , which we passed through to search it , is an exceeding good land .
17 : 13 And the three eldest sons of Jesse went and followed Saul to the battle : and the names of his three sons that went to the battle were Eliab the firstborn , and next unto him Abinadab , and the third Shammah .
16 : 3 But he walked in the way of the kings of Israel , yea , and made his son to pass through the fire , according to the abominations of the heathen , whom the LORD cast out from before the children of Israel .
25 : 3 Now it came to pass , when the kingdom was established to him , that he slew his servants that had killed the king his father .
I thought so at the time ; but you WOULD give him Cowper ."
33 : 22 And of Dan he said , Dan is a lion ' s whelp : he shall leap from Bashan .
14 : 6 He that regardeth the day , regardeth it unto the Lord ; and he that regardeth not the day , to the Lord he doth not regard it .
Selah .
and who will appoint me the time ?
.
I am not fond of nettles or thistles , or heath blossoms .
To get to those beds he was even willing to bestir his poor limbs , so he sat up and felt about him for the donkey .
23 : 20 And the priest shall wave them with the bread of the firstfruits for a wave offering before the LORD , with the two lambs : they shall be holy to the LORD for the priest .
Amen .
She left to my care her only child , a little girl , the offspring of her first guilty connection , who was then about three years old .
38 : 4 For mine iniquities are gone over mine head : as an heavy burden they are too heavy for me .
7 : 9 The children of Shephatiah , three hundred seventy and two .
She felt that his influence over her mind was heightened by circumstances which ought not in reason to have weight ; by that person of uncommon attraction , that open , affectionate , and lively manner which it was no merit to possess ; and by that still ardent love for Marianne , which it was not even innocent to indulge .
I have burnt all your letters , and will return your picture the first opportunity .
4 : 34 And he went up , and lay upon the child , and put his mouth upon his mouth , and his eyes upon his eyes , and his hands upon his hands : and stretched himself upon the child ; and the flesh of the child waxed warm .
5 : 8 And Peter answered unto her , Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much ?
Every day , for forty days , he has come forth , so , and challenged us to send a man against him , in single combat ; and since no one dares to go out against him alone , the armies cannot fight ."
14 : 10 Then Asa went out against him , and they set the battle in array in the valley of Zephathah at Mareshah .
They had not remained in this manner long , before Elinor perceived Willoughby , standing within a few yards of them , in earnest conversation with a very fashionable looking young woman .
He sought her in many lands , until one day , in a far eastern country , he found her sitting in a tent , by the side of an old , white - haired hermit .
How so ?
Nothing should separate her from her father .
25 : 30 And if it be not redeemed within the space of a full year , then the house that is in the walled city shall be established for ever to him that bought it throughout his generations : it shall not go out in the jubile .
4 : 2 And he taught them many things by parables , and said unto them in his doctrine , 4 : 3 Hearken ; Behold , there went out a sower to sow : 4 : 4 And it came to pass , as he sowed , some fell by the way side , and the fowls of the air came and devoured it up .
35 : 3 And the cities shall they have to dwell in ; and the suburbs of them shall be for their cattle , and for their goods , and for all their beasts .
There can be no doubt of its being written for you and to you ."
78 : 13 He divided the sea , and caused them to pass through ; and he made the waters to stand as an heap .
3 : 11 And he said , Who told thee that thou wast naked ?
Jennings on her side treated them both with all possible kindness , was solicitous on every occasion for their ease and enjoyment , and only disturbed that she could not make them choose their own dinners at the inn , nor extort a confession of their preferring salmon to cod , or boiled fowls to veal cutlets .
They would not listen to scruples : he was obeyed ; they were all beneath his roof ; and while Louisa , under Mrs Harville ' s direction , was conveyed up stairs , and given possession of her own bed , assistance , cordials , restoratives were supplied by her husband to all who needed them .
It was true .
10 : 4 He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand : but the hand of the diligent maketh rich .
Elton had not his equal for beauty or agreeableness ."
12 : 7 Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was : and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it .
Ferrars was a little , thin woman , upright , even to formality , in her figure , and serious , even to sourness , in her aspect .
Palmer was not in the house ."
You know his hand , I dare say , a charming one it is ; but that is not written so well as usual .-- He was tired , I dare say , for he had just filled the sheet to me as full as possible ."
It succeeded , however ; and though Sir Walter must ever look with an evil eye on anyone intending to inhabit that house , and think them infinitely too well off in being permitted to rent it on the highest terms , he was talked into allowing Mr Shepherd to proceed in the treaty , and authorising him to wait on Admiral Croft , who still remained at Taunton , and fix a day for the house being seen .
His temper might perhaps be a little soured by finding , like many others of his sex , that through some unaccountable bias in favour of beauty , he was the husband of a very silly woman ,-- but she knew that this kind of blunder was too common for any sensible man to be lastingly hurt by it .-- It was rather a wish of distinction , she believed , which produced his contemptuous treatment of every body , and his general abuse of every thing before him .
A few minutes more spent in the same kind of effusion , concluded his visit ; and with repeated assurances to his sisters that he really believed there was no material danger in Fanny ' s indisposition , and that they need not therefore be very uneasy about it , he went away ; leaving the three ladies unanimous in their sentiments on the present occasion , as far at least as it regarded Mrs .
41 : 23 Shew the things that are to come hereafter , that we may know that ye are gods : yea , do good , or do evil , that we may be dismayed , and behold it together .
9 : 6 And he said unto him , Behold now , there is in this city a man of God , and he is an honourable man ; all that he saith cometh surely to pass : now let us go thither ; peradventure he can shew us our way that we should go .
You may have done wrong with regard to Mr .
When he had gone some distance the little Half - Chick came to a little brook that was caught in the weeds and in much trouble . "
Then ," said the Rabbit , " I will tie this end of my long rope to you , and I will run away and tie the other end round my cow , and when I am ready I will beat my big drum .
This is coming as you should do ," said she ; " like a gentleman .-- I am quite glad to see you ."
43 : 15 So the altar shall be four cubits ; and from the altar and upward shall be four horns .
16 : 29 Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name : bring an offering , and come before him : worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness .
His head is full of some books that he is reading upon your recommendation , and he wants to talk to you about them ; he has found out something or other in one of them which he thinks -- oh !
Well !
40 : 7 And thou shalt set the laver between the tent of the congregation and the altar , and shalt put water therein .
As it was impossible , however , now to prevent their coming , Lady Middleton resigned herself to the idea of it , with all the philosophy of a well - bred woman , contenting herself with merely giving her husband a gentle reprimand on the subject five or six times every day .
And the people departed .
35 : 19 The revenger of blood himself shall slay the murderer : when he meeteth him , he shall slay him .
Birth and good manners are essential ; but a little learning is by no means a dangerous thing in good company ; on the contrary , it will do very well .
I only name possibilities .
In almost no time all the shoes were stitched and finished .
So he put on as pleasant a voice as he could ( which is not saying much ) and said ,-- " Hullo , little Jackal !"
14 : 7 Forty years old was I when Moses the servant of the LORD sent me from Kadeshbarnea to espy out the land ; and I brought him word again as it was in mine heart .
24 : 13 In thy filthiness is lewdness : because I have purged thee , and thou wast not purged , thou shalt not be purged from thy filthiness any more , till I have caused my fury to rest upon thee .
7 : 17 And when he was entered into the house from the people , his disciples asked him concerning the parable .
Pilate saith unto them , Take ye him , and crucify him : for I find no fault in him .
26 : 15 The children of Gad after their families : of Zephon , the family of the Zephonites : of Haggi , the family of the Haggites : of Shuni , the family of the Shunites : 26 : 16 Of Ozni , the family of the Oznites : of Eri , the family of the Erites : 26 : 17 Of Arod , the family of the Arodites : of Areli , the family of the Arelites .
Mrs .
was all her answer ; but the accent was decisive enough . "
-- And when Mrs .
Mr .
51 : 12 I , even I , am he that comforteth you : who art thou , that thou shouldest be afraid of a man that shall die , and of the son of man which shall be made as grass ; 51 : 13 And forgettest the LORD thy maker , that hath stretched forth the heavens , and laid the foundations of the earth ; and hast feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor , as if he were ready to destroy ?
But what could I do !-- we were engaged , every thing in preparation , the day almost fixed -- But I am talking like a fool .
13 : 12 And when Jesus saw her , he called her to him , and said unto her , Woman , thou art loosed from thine infirmity .
he remarked affably , waving one of his feelers in the direction of the Dewdrop .
3 : 29 And if ye be Christ ' s , then are ye Abraham ' s seed , and heirs according to the promise .
25 : 15 Mine eyes are ever toward the LORD ; for he shall pluck my feet out of the net .
The difference which Randalls , Randalls alone makes in your goings - on , is very great ."
Poverty certainly has not contracted her mind : I really believe , if she had only a shilling in the world , she would be very likely to give away sixpence of it ; and nobody is afraid of her : that is a great charm ."
She was a woman rather of sound than of quick abilities , whose difficulties in coming to any decision in this instance were great , from the opposition of two leading principles .
And he brake the withs , as a thread of tow is broken when it toucheth the fire .
It would have been such a great pity to have went away before your brother and sister came .
It was a right thing to do .
3 : 20 By his knowledge the depths are broken up , and the clouds drop down the dew .
And it always ended in " Kitty , a fair but frozen maid ."
19 : 4 And the four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped God that sat on the throne , saying , Amen ; Alleluia .
6 : 8 But he knew their thoughts , and said to the man which had the withered hand , Rise up , and stand forth in the midst .
33 : 55 But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you ; then it shall come to pass , that those which ye let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes , and thorns in your sides , and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell .
18 : 38 Pilate saith unto him , What is truth ?
15 : 18 And it came to pass , as she came unto him , that she moved him to ask of her father a field : and she lighted off her ass ; and Caleb said unto her , What wouldest thou ?
certainly ," was his daughter ' s ; but Sir Walter ' s remark was , soon afterwards -- " The profession has its utility , but I should be sorry to see any friend of mine belonging to it ."
Believe me ," and Elinor spoke it with the truest sincerity , " nothing could be farther from my intention than to give you such an idea .
19 : 7 And Jonathan called David , and Jonathan shewed him all those things .
8 : 37 I know that ye are Abraham ' s seed ; but ye seek to kill me , because my word hath no place in you .
12 : 4 And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven , and did cast them to the earth : and the dragon stood before the woman which was ready to be delivered , for to devour her child as soon as it was born .
20 : 23 And he saith unto them , Ye shall drink indeed of my cup , and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with : but to sit on my right hand , and on my left , is not mine to give , but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father .
26 : 27 And if ye will not for all this hearken unto me , but walk contrary unto me ; 26 : 28 Then I will walk contrary unto you also in fury ; and I , even I , will chastise you seven times for your sins .
Dashwood was convinced that her conjecture had been just .
Mr .
28 : 8 They shall bring thee down to the pit , and thou shalt die the deaths of them that are slain in the midst of the seas .
21 : 17 And he left them , and went out of the city into Bethany ; and he lodged there .
4 : 7 As they were increased , so they sinned against me : therefore will I change their glory into shame .
so far off !-- and the air so bad !"
But he is a pleasant , good humoured fellow , and has got the nicest little black bitch of a pointer I ever saw .
" I am sure you could ," said the Rabbit , politely , " only be sure to begin gently , and pull harder and harder till you get her ."
6 : 4 And he said , Blessed be the LORD God of Israel , who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father David , saying , 6 : 5 Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in , that my name might be there ; neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people Israel : 6 : 6 But I have chosen Jerusalem , that my name might be there ; and have chosen David to be over my people Israel .
5 : 10 The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound : therefore I will pour out my wrath upon them like water .
That Louisa must remain where she was , however distressing to her friends to be involving the Harvilles in such trouble , did not admit a doubt .
I do not wonder at you .
" Certainly .
23 : 20 Behold , I send an Angel before thee , to keep thee in the way , and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared .
6 : 2 And when the sabbath day was come , he began to teach in the synagogue : and many hearing him were astonished , saying , From whence hath this man these things ?
Lodging as I did in Bond Street , there was hardly a day in which I did not catch a glimpse of one or other of you ; and nothing but the most constant watchfulness on my side , a most invariably prevailing desire to keep out of your sight , could have separated us so long .
testify against me .
Their love of society , and their new dining - room , prepared every body for their keeping dinner - company ; and a few parties , chiefly among the single men , had already taken place .
23 : 22 But if they had stood in my counsel , and had caused my people to hear my words , then they should have turned them from their evil way , and from the evil of their doings .
22 : 11 And the children of Israel heard say , Behold , the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against the land of Canaan , in the borders of Jordan , at the passage of the children of Israel .
Dixon seems a very charming young man , quite worthy of him .
5 : 1 Rebuke not an elder , but intreat him as a father ; and the younger men as brethren ; 5 : 2 The elder women as mothers ; the younger as sisters , with all purity .
22 : 21 And he said unto me , Depart : for I will send thee far hence unto the Gentiles .
But why ?
She could consult with her brother , could receive her sister - in - law on her arrival , and treat her with proper attention ; and could strive to rouse her mother to similar exertion , and encourage her to similar forbearance .
10 : 24 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Benjamin was Abidan the son of Gideoni .
9 : 15 But the Lord said unto him , Go thy way : for he is a chosen vessel unto me , to bear my name before the Gentiles , and kings , and the children of Israel : 9 : 16 For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name ' s sake .
Elton only looked very conscious and smiling , and rode off in great spirits .
30 : 6 Ask ye now , and see whether a man doth travail with child ?
Freckles do not disgust me so very much as they do him .
Elton gratitude for her attentions to Miss Fairfax .-- I hope this history of my conduct towards her will be admitted by you and my father as great extenuation of what you saw amiss .
And the king said unto her , Ask on , my mother : for I will not say thee nay .
5 : 9 Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke : among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be .
That he might seek a godly seed .
7 : 40 And Hiram made the lavers , and the shovels , and the basons .
2 : 7 Their land also is full of silver and gold , neither is there any end of their treasures ; their land is also full of horses , neither is there any end of their chariots : 2 : 8 Their land also is full of idols ; they worship the work of their own hands , that which their own fingers have made : 2 : 9 And the mean man boweth down , and the great man humbleth himself : therefore forgive them not .
Every additional day of unhappy confidence , on your side , would have made the blow more dreadful ."
3 : 4 Now it came to pass , when they spake daily unto him , and he hearkened not unto them , that they told Haman , to see whether Mordecai ' s matters would stand : for he had told them that he was a Jew .
This is the simple truth ."
9 : 16 So then it is not of him that willeth , nor of him that runneth , but of God that sheweth mercy .
His wish of staying longer evidently did not please ; but it was not opposed .
These are the families of the Levites according to the house of their fathers .
32 : 5 When Elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of these three men , then his wrath was kindled .
Donavan was sent for ; and luckily he happened to just come in from Harley Street , so he stepped over directly , and as soon as ever he saw the child , be said just as we did , that it was nothing in the world but the red gum , and then Charlotte was easy .
When all denied , Peter and they that were with him said , Master , the multitude throng thee and press thee , and sayest thou , Who touched me ?
18 : 15 And they turned thitherward , and came to the house of the young man the Levite , even unto the house of Micah , and saluted him .
118 : 26 Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the LORD : we have blessed you out of the house of the LORD .
15 : 13 And there came a messenger to David , saying , The hearts of the men of Israel are after Absalom .
15 : 4 Behold , it is cast into the fire for fuel ; the fire devoureth both the ends of it , and the midst of it is burned .
You hear me , Epaminondas ?"
32 : 1 Give ear , O ye heavens , and I will speak ; and hear , O earth , the words of my mouth .
She ceasd & smild in tears , then sat down in her silver shrine .
Churchill ' s account -- she has not been well the whole winter , and thinks Enscombe too cold for her -- so they are all to move southward without loss of time ."
26 : 27 These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them , threescore thousand and five hundred .
" Thank you , ma ' am ," said Elinor . "
31 : 16 Thus saith the LORD ; Refrain thy voice from weeping , and thine eyes from tears : for thy work shall be rewarded , saith the LORD ; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy .
A likeness pleases every body ; and Miss Woodhouse ' s performances must be capital . "
16 : 7 And Samson said unto her , If they bind me with seven green withs that were never dried , then shall I be weak , and be as another man .
16 : 15 Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering , that is for the people , and bring his blood within the vail , and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bullock , and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat , and before the mercy seat : 16 : 16 And he shall make an atonement for the holy place , because of the uncleanness of the children of Israel , and because of their transgressions in all their sins : and so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation , that remaineth among them in the midst of their uncleanness .
It soon appeared that he came to announce an improvement . "
" You will excuse my being so much over - powered .
25 : 7 And these are the days of the years of Abraham ' s life which he lived , an hundred threescore and fifteen years .
3 : 12 Go and proclaim these words toward the north , and say , Return , thou backsliding Israel , saith the LORD ; and I will not cause mine anger to fall upon you : for I am merciful , saith the LORD , and I will not keep anger for ever .
32 : 7 Thou art my hiding place ; thou shalt preserve me from trouble ; thou shalt compass me about with songs of deliverance .
and this , without much waiting for an answer ; or in the young ladies ' addition of , " I hope we shall be in Bath in the winter ; but remember , papa , if we do go , we must be in a good situation : none of your Queen Squares for us !"
Elton , laughing , " we shall see ."
` I did not make the allowances ,' said she , ` which I ought to have done , for his temper and spirits -- his delightful spirits , and that gaiety , that playfulness of disposition , which , under any other circumstances , would , I am sure , have been as constantly bewitching to me , as they were at first .'
10 : 20 And over the host of the tribe of the children of Gad was Eliasaph the son of Deuel .
3 : 25 And they tarried till they were ashamed : and , behold , he opened not the doors of the parlour ; therefore they took a key , and opened them : and , behold , their lord was fallen down dead on the earth .
Worse than I had supposed .
12 : 20 As he went to Ziklag , there fell to him of Manasseh , Adnah , and Jozabad , and Jediael , and Michael , and Jozabad , and Elihu , and Zilthai , captains of the thousands that were of Manasseh .
27 : 23 Be thou diligent to know the state of thy flocks , and look well to thy herds .
3 : 28 There is neither Jew nor Greek , there is neither bond nor free , there is neither male nor female : for ye are all one in Christ Jesus .
12 : 19 But when David saw that his servants whispered , David perceived that the child was dead : therefore David said unto his servants , Is the child dead ?
There must be the same immediate association of thought , though she was very far from conceiving it to be of equal pain .
She had not even a share in his opening compliments .-- Her name was not mentioned ;-- and there was so striking a change in all this , and such an ill - judged solemnity of leave - taking in his graceful acknowledgments , as she thought , at first , could not escape her father ' s suspicion .
23 : 52 This man went unto Pilate , and begged the body of Jesus .
No , the young lady , to be sure .
It is fit that the fortune should be on his side , for I think the merit will be all on hers ."
37 : 12 Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed , as Gozan , and Haran , and Rezeph , and the children of Eden which were in Telassar ?
18 : 31 Hearken not to Hezekiah : for thus saith the king of Assyria , Make an agreement with me by a present , and come out to me , and then eat ye every man of his own vine , and every one of his fig tree , and drink ye every one the waters of his cistern : 18 : 32 Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land , a land of corn and wine , a land of bread and vineyards , a land of oil olive and of honey , that ye may live , and not die : and hearken not unto Hezekiah , when he persuadeth you , saying , The LORD will deliver us .
10 : 3 Yea also , when he that is a fool walketh by the way , his wisdom faileth him , and he saith to every one that he is a fool .
16 : 43 And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the congregation .
19 : 19 And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel , they made peace with David , and became his servants : neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more .
89 : 44 Thou hast made his glory to cease , and cast his throne down to the ground .
32 : 29 O that they were wise , that they understood this , that they would consider their latter end !
As soon as I could use my hands she taught me to knit , which has been a great amusement ; and she put me in the way of making these little thread - cases , pin - cushions and card - racks , which you always find me so busy about , and which supply me with the means of doing a little good to one or two very poor families in this neighbourhood .
10 : 8 And the children of Ammon came out , and put the battle in array at the entering in of the gate : and the Syrians of Zoba , and of Rehob , and Ishtob , and Maacah , were by themselves in the field .
69 : 11 I made sackcloth also my garment ; and I became a proverb to them .
" Certainly ," said the Mouse - deer , " go along ."
and what inheritance of the Almighty from on high ?
" It is not actually settled , but there is such a thing in agitation .
4 : 13 And the LORD said , Even thus shall the children of Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles , whither I will drive them .
Here ceased the rapid flow of her self - reproving spirit ; and Elinor , impatient to soothe , though too honest to flatter , gave her instantly that praise and support which her frankness and her contrition so well deserved .
14 : 9 And the LORD shall be king over all the earth : in that day shall there be one LORD , and his name one .
7 : 24 And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink ; for they could not drink of the water of the river .
18 : 13 Was it not told my lord what I did when Jezebel slew the prophets of the LORD , how I hid an hundred men of the LORD ' s prophets by fifty in a cave , and fed them with bread and water ?
14 : 43 Then Saul said to Jonathan , Tell me what thou hast done .
20 : 14 And Ahab said , By whom ?
38 : 16 Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea ?
15 : 36 And all the congregation brought him without the camp , and stoned him with stones , and he died ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
15 : 30 And why stand we in jeopardy every hour ?
3 : 8 Now in the second year of their coming unto the house of God at Jerusalem , in the second month , began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , and Jeshua the son of Jozadak , and the remnant of their brethren the priests and the Levites , and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem ; and appointed the Levites , from twenty years old and upward , to set forward the work of the house of the LORD .
20 : 10 Then the disciples went away again unto their own home .
20 : 35 I have shewed you all things , how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak , and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus , how he said , It is more blessed to give than to receive .
Jennings hear in the morning of what had passed .
18 : 16 A man ' s gift maketh room for him , and bringeth him before great men .
26 : 28 And they said , We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee : and we said , Let there be now an oath betwixt us , even betwixt us and thee , and let us make a covenant with thee ; 26 : 29 That thou wilt do us no hurt , as we have not touched thee , and as we have done unto thee nothing but good , and have sent thee away in peace : thou art now the blessed of the LORD .
Men of family would not be very fond of connecting themselves with a girl of such obscurity -- and most prudent men would be afraid of the inconvenience and disgrace they might be involved in , when the mystery of her parentage came to be revealed .
22 : 15 And they shall not profane the holy things of the children of Israel , which they offer unto the LORD ; 22 : 16 Or suffer them to bear the iniquity of trespass , when they eat their holy things : for I the LORD do sanctify them .
7 : 66 The whole congregation together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore , 7 : 67 Beside their manservants and their maidservants , of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven : and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women .
Mrs .
here ' s Miss Woodhouse .-- Dear Miss Woodhouse , how do you do ?-- Very well I thank you , quite well .
Woodhouse ' s entertainment .
26 : 18 At Parbar westward , four at the causeway , and two at Parbar .
7 : 7 This thy stature is like to a palm tree , and thy breasts to clusters of grapes .
And Peter remembered the word of the Lord , how he had said unto him , Before the cock crow , thou shalt deny me thrice .
14 : 6 Now , brethren , if I come unto you speaking with tongues , what shall I profit you , except I shall speak to you either by revelation , or by knowledge , or by prophesying , or by doctrine ?
13 : 3 And when they had fasted and prayed , and laid their hands on them , they sent them away .
Why don ' t he , in such a case , sell his horses , let his house , turn off his servants , and make a thorough reform at once ?
And Jesus lifted up his eyes , and said , Father , I thank thee that thou hast heard me .
At last the affair was decided .
Woodhouse received the thanks for coming , which he asked for , when a glimpse was caught through the blind , of two figures passing near the window . "
19 : 15 Neither shall there be any work for Egypt , which the head or tail , branch or rush , may do .
And Paul said , But I was free born .
Mr .
17 : 55 And when Saul saw David go forth against the Philistine , he said unto Abner , the captain of the host , Abner , whose son is this youth ?
I leave you to your own reflections ."
She did unfeignedly and unequivocally regret the inferiority of her own playing and singing .
They hardly can satisfy a woman of her good sense and quick feelings : standing in a mother ' s place , but without a mother ' s affection to blind her .
She was quick in feeling the little injuries to Isabella , which Isabella never felt herself .
22 : 7 And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father , and said , My father : and he said , Here am I , my son .
The evening of the very day on which they went brought a note from Mr .
Knightley would be forgotten , that is , supplanted ; but this could not be expected to happen very early .
42 : 22 But this is a people robbed and spoiled ; they are all of them snared in holes , and they are hid in prison houses : they are for a prey , and none delivereth ; for a spoil , and none saith , Restore .
34 : 9 For he hath said , It profiteth a man nothing that he should delight himself with God .
Jennings ; " Lord !
50 : 7 Hear , O my people , and I will speak ; O Israel , and I will testify against thee : I am God , even thy God .
" There appeared such a perfectly good understanding among them all --" he began rather quickly , but checking himself , added , " however , it is impossible for me to say on what terms they really were -- how it might all be behind the scenes .
Miniatures , half - lengths , whole - lengths , pencil , crayon , and water - colours had been all tried in turn .
17 : 16 And David the king came and sat before the LORD , and said , Who am I , O LORD God , and what is mine house , that thou hast brought me hitherto ?
There lay a pair of shoes , beautifully made , and the leather was gone !
29 : 6 And all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am the LORD , because they have been a staff of reed to the house of Israel .
God shall send forth his mercy and his truth .
I have never been attached to him .
18 : 11 Terrors shall make him afraid on every side , and shall drive him to his feet .
When they stopped at the door , Mrs .
3 : 22 And they rose up early in the morning , and the sun shone upon the water , and the Moabites saw the water on the other side as red as blood : 3 : 23 And they said , This is blood : the kings are surely slain , and they have smitten one another : now therefore , Moab , to the spoil .
It was THAT which threw this gloom ,-- even now the recollection of what I suffered --" He could say no more , and rising hastily walked for a few minutes about the room .
Yes , I am sure you are much too reasonable .
7 : 61 And these were they which went up also from Telmelah , Telharesha , Cherub , Addon , and Immer : but they could not shew their father ' s house , nor their seed , whether they were of Israel .
" Her daughters are both exceedingly well married , and therefore I cannot perceive the necessity of her remembering them farther .
I am a great advocate for timidity -- and I am sure one does not often meet with it .-- But in those who are at all inferior , it is extremely prepossessing .
8 : 4 And the ark rested in the seventh month , on the seventeenth day of the month , upon the mountains of Ararat .
" He may have a great deal of influence on some points ," continued Mrs .
But in this , our last interview of friendship , I approached her with a sense of guilt that almost took from me the power of dissembling .
You must allow for an injured , angry woman .
29 : 14 But the flesh of the bullock , and his skin , and his dung , shalt thou burn with fire without the camp : it is a sin offering .
Martin is now awkward and abrupt ; what will he be at Mr .
Never again did the dear mother have to do any hard work , and she had pretty things about her all the rest of her life .
7 : 20 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , mine anger and my fury shall be poured out upon this place , upon man , and upon beast , and upon the trees of the field , and upon the fruit of the ground ; and it shall burn , and shall not be quenched .
How can Lyca sleep If her mother weep ? "
She met him with a hand that would be taken , and a voice that expressed the affection of a sister . "
24 : 3 Surely at the commandment of the LORD came this upon Judah , to remove them out of his sight , for the sins of Manasseh , according to all that he did ; 24 : 4 And also for the innocent blood that he shed : for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood ; which the LORD would not pardon .
said Captain Harville . "
As to there being any quantity of snow fallen or likely to fall to impede their return , that was a mere joke ; he was afraid they would find no difficulty .
Life could do nothing for her , beyond giving time for a better preparation for death ; and that was given .
Wherefore I have brought him forth before you , and specially before thee , O king Agrippa , that , after examination had , I might have somewhat to write .
7 : 25 I applied mine heart to know , and to search , and to seek out wisdom , and the reason of things , and to know the wickedness of folly , even of foolishness and madness : 7 : 26 And I find more bitter than death the woman , whose heart is snares and nets , and her hands as bands : whoso pleaseth God shall escape from her ; but the sinner shall be taken by her .
And in this style he talked on for some time very properly , not much attending to any answer , but altogether sufficiently awake to the terror of a bad sore throat ; and Emma was quite in charity with him .
44 : 22 Neither shall they take for their wives a widow , nor her that is put away : but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel , or a widow that had a priest before .
Elton sauntering about .
10 : 33 The Jews answered him , saying , For a good work we stone thee not ; but for blasphemy ; and because that thou , being a man , makest thyself God .
for they all had her .
7 : 4 They are all adulterers , as an oven heated by the baker , who ceaseth from raising after he hath kneaded the dough , until it be leavened .
1 : 31 And the strong shall be as tow , and the maker of it as a spark , and they shall both burn together , and none shall quench them .
24 : 18 And they left the house of the LORD God of their fathers , and served groves and idols : and wrath came upon Judah and Jerusalem for this their trespass .
" No indeed I have not .
He was shy , and disposed to abstraction ; but the engaging mildness of her countenance , and gentleness of her manners , soon had their effect ; and Anne was well repaid the first trouble of exertion .
16 : 1 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 16 : 2 Son of man , cause Jerusalem to know her abominations , 16 : 3 And say , Thus saith the Lord GOD unto Jerusalem ; Thy birth and thy nativity is of the land of Canaan ; thy father was an Amorite , and thy mother an Hittite .
I will even forsake you , saith the LORD .
yea , they may forget , yet will I not forget thee .
Jennings ' s speech , neither did she think it worth inquiring into ; and therefore only replied to its conclusion . "
5 : 6 For when we were yet without strength , in due time Christ died for the ungodly .
Ferrars ' s disposition and designs .
21 : 28 And out of the tribe of Issachar , Kishon with her suburbs , Dabareh with her suburbs , 21 : 29 Jarmuth with her suburbs , Engannim with her suburbs ; four cities .
She had nothing to say one day that she had not said the day before .
The advantages of Bath to the young are pretty generally understood .
141 : 7 Our bones are scattered at the grave ' s mouth , as when one cutteth and cleaveth wood upon the earth .
Sometimes the plough struck a hidden stone , and then the man was jerked almost off his feet .
41 : 12 Now the building that was before the separate place at the end toward the west was seventy cubits broad ; and the wall of the building was five cubits thick round about , and the length thereof ninety cubits .
The evil of a marriage would be much diminished , if Elizabeth were also to marry .
Mrs .
Now it was early summer - time , and the cuckoo was calling all the day and most of the night .
."
" But I am very much , and without being at all ashamed of it .
4 : 17 In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between Succoth and Zeredathah .
But Jane , it seems , had a letter from them very lately , and not a word was said about it .
Come , see the place where the Lord lay .
16 : 23 The heart of the wise teacheth his mouth , and addeth learning to his lips .
Her husband , but with great humility , did not see the force of her objection . "
10 : 11 And he said unto me , Thou must prophesy again before many peoples , and nations , and tongues , and kings .
4 : 21 Do thy diligence to come before winter .
One would rather have a stranger preferred than one ' s very particular friend -- with a stranger it might not recur again -- but the misery of having a very particular friend always at hand , to do every thing better than one does oneself !-- Poor Mrs .
32 : 17 And the work of righteousness shall be peace ; and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever .
And when the courtiers came back they found their king kneeling by his throne , absorbed in silent prayer .
12 : 12 So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam the third day , as the king had appointed , saying , Come to me again the third day .
Thy wisdom and thy knowledge , it hath perverted thee ; and thou hast said in thine heart , I am , and none else beside me .
2 : 28 And did I choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest , to offer upon mine altar , to burn incense , to wear an ephod before me ?
And they said , Nay ; but we will abide in the street all night .
Selah .
Marianne was rejoiced to find her sister so easily pleased . "
And Isaac said unto him , Because I said , Lest I die for her .
said the little Tulip , " if there are two of you , I s ' pose I shall have to let you in ."
10 : 11 So Jehu slew all that remained of the house of Ahab in Jezreel , and all his great men , and his kinsfolks , and his priests , until he left him none remaining .
5 : 18 And when he was come into the ship , he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him .
but I am among you as he that serveth .
10 : 31 And he said , Leave us not , I pray thee ; forasmuch as thou knowest how we are to encamp in the wilderness , and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes .
1 : 14 His head and his hairs were white like wool , as white as snow ; and his eyes were as a flame of fire ; 1 : 15 And his feet like unto fine brass , as if they burned in a furnace ; and his voice as the sound of many waters .
1 : 67 And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost , and prophesied , saying , 1 : 68 Blessed be the Lord God of Israel ; for he hath visited and redeemed his people , 1 : 69 And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David ; 1 : 70 As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets , which have been since the world began : 1 : 71 That we should be saved from our enemies , and from the hand of all that hate us ; 1 : 72 To perform the mercy promised to our fathers , and to remember his holy covenant ; 1 : 73 The oath which he sware to our father Abraham , 1 : 74 That he would grant unto us , that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear , 1 : 75 In holiness and righteousness before him , all the days of our life .
28 : 4 And these are the garments which they shall make ; a breastplate , and an ephod , and a robe , and a broidered coat , a mitre , and a girdle : and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother , and his sons , that he may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
This was broken by Willoughby , who said with a faint smile , " It is folly to linger in this manner .
22 : 37 Jesus said unto him , Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart , and with all thy soul , and with all thy mind .
I should have been quite disappointed if I had not found you here STILL ," said she repeatedly , with a strong emphasis on the word . "
Elinor was employed in walking thoughtfully from the fire to the window , from the window to the fire , without knowing that she received warmth from one , or discerning objects through the other ; and Marianne , seated at the foot of the bed , with her head leaning against one of its posts , again took up Willoughby ' s letter , and , after shuddering over every sentence , exclaimed -- " It is too much !
16 : 9 And the separate cities for the children of Ephraim were among the inheritance of the children of Manasseh , all the cities with their villages .
His footsteps were heard along the gravel path ; in a moment he was in the passage , and in another he was before them .
Perhaps it is as well ," said Frank Churchill , as he attended Emma to her carriage . "
To her father white Came the maiden bright ; But his loving look , Like the holy book All her tender limbs with terror shook . "
19 : 15 So the king returned , and came to Jordan .
They answered and said , He is guilty of death .
They must keep as much together as they could ;" and James was talked to , and given a charge to go very slow and wait for the other carriage .
the stones of the sanctuary are poured out in the top of every street .
8 : 1 Jesus went unto the mount of Olives .
Was this how he looked to the Heavenly Father -- like a thief , a cruel mountain robber ?
he shouted , and sailed the trundle - bed boat straight at them .
there shall not be left one stone upon another , that shall not be thrown down .
There had been a time also when Emma would have been sorry to see Harriet in a spot so favourable for the Abbey Mill Farm ; but now she feared it not .
3 : 12 Let the heathen be wakened , and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat : for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about .
16 : 13 And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon , and out of the mouth of the beast , and out of the mouth of the false prophet .
Who makes you their confidant ?"
I love him already ."
Are the Middletons pleasant people ?"
1 : 13 Hold fast the form of sound words , which thou hast heard of me , in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus .
And what do you think !
3 : 1 Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold , whose height was threescore cubits , and the breadth thereof six cubits : he set it up in the plain of Dura , in the province of Babylon .
There were Mr .
The pain of being obliged to practise concealment towards him , was very little inferior to the pain of having made Harriet unhappy .
17 : 1 The sin of Judah is written with a pen of iron , and with the point of a diamond : it is graven upon the table of their heart , and upon the horns of your altars ; 17 : 2 Whilst their children remember their altars and their groves by the green trees upon the high hills .
CHAPTER III Mr .
119 : 37 Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity ; and quicken thou me in thy way .
38 : 28 And it came to pass , when she travailed , that the one put out his hand : and the midwife took and bound upon his hand a scarlet thread , saying , This came out first .
13 : 4 So they , being sent forth by the Holy Ghost , departed unto Seleucia ; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus .
19 : 13 And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood : and his name is called The Word of God .
I am no card - player ."
18 : 7 And Moses went out to meet his father in law , and did obeisance , and kissed him ; and they asked each other of their welfare ; and they came into the tent .
25 : 26 And thou shalt make for it four rings of gold , and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof .
He is the man you seek ; his soul has grown to the selfsame stature as your own ; his treasure on the celestial shore is neither less than yours nor more ."
40 : 12 The space also before the little chambers was one cubit on this side , and the space was one cubit on that side : and the little chambers were six cubits on this side , and six cubits on that side .
5 : 4 For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool , and troubled the water : whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had .
I am afraid Jane is not very well ," said she , " but I do not know ; they _tell_ me she is well .
5 : 6 Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing : the LORD will abhor the bloody and deceitful man .
This was astonishing !-- She could not have believed it possible that the taste or the pride of Miss Fairfax could endure such society and friendship as the Vicarage had to offer . "
29 : 21 And the LORD shall separate him unto evil out of all the tribes of Israel , according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this book of the law : 29 : 22 So that the generation to come of your children that shall rise up after you , and the stranger that shall come from a far land , shall say , when they see the plagues of that land , and the sicknesses which the LORD hath laid upon it ; 29 : 23 And that the whole land thereof is brimstone , and salt , and burning , that it is not sown , nor beareth , nor any grass groweth therein , like the overthrow of Sodom , and Gomorrah , Admah , and Zeboim , which the LORD overthrew in his anger , and in his wrath : 29 : 24 Even all nations shall say , Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this land ?
my sins , my sins !-- And I had plenty all the while in my pocket !-- One of my senseless tricks !-- I deserve to be under a continual blush all the rest of my life .-- Well --( sitting down again )-- go on -- what else ?"
" Whenever the time may come , it must be unwelcome to her and all her friends -- but I hope her engagement will have every alleviation that is possible -- I mean , as to the character and manners of the family ."
5 : 17 And they began to pray him to depart out of their coasts .
1 : 18 And the king of Egypt called for the midwives , and said unto them , Why have ye done this thing , and have saved the men children alive ?
9 : 2 For they have taken of their daughters for themselves , and for their sons : so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of those lands : yea , the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass .
Sir John called on them as soon as the next interval of fair weather that morning allowed him to get out of doors ; and Marianne ' s accident being related to him , he was eagerly asked whether he knew any gentleman of the name of Willoughby at Allenham . "
and understanding put forth her voice ?
21 : 14 This is now the third time that Jesus shewed himself to his disciples , after that he was risen from the dead .
11 : 27 And this was the cause that he lifted up his hand against the king : Solomon built Millo , and repaired the breaches of the city of David his father .
17 : 23 But they obeyed not , neither inclined their ear , but made their neck stiff , that they might not hear , nor receive instruction .
She had never in her life been more astonished .
20 : 10 For I heard the defaming of many , fear on every side .
5 : 2 And he said unto me , What seest thou ?
25 : 21 So Joash the king of Israel went up ; and they saw one another in the face , both he and Amaziah king of Judah , at Bethshemesh , which belongeth to Judah .
5 : 13 Then he made him that remaineth have dominion over the nobles among the people : the LORD made me have dominion over the mighty .
said he , colouring a little . "
He joined her and Marianne in the breakfast - room the next morning before the others were down ; and Marianne , who was always eager to promote their happiness as far as she could , soon left them to themselves .
She wondered , and questioned him eagerly ; but in vain .
2 : 4 For Gaza shall be forsaken , and Ashkelon a desolation : they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day , and Ekron shall be rooted up .
To know that he has not thrown himself away , is such a comfort !-- She does seem a charming young woman , just what he deserves .
The belief of being prudent , and self - denying , principally for his advantage , was her chief consolation , under the misery of a parting , a final parting ; and every consolation was required , for she had to encounter all the additional pain of opinions , on his side , totally unconvinced and unbending , and of his feeling himself ill used by so forced a relinquishment .
How did you think the Coxes looked ?"
C .
And Elinor , in quitting Norland and Edward , cried not as I did .
17 : 7 And the staff of his spear was like a weaver ' s beam ; and his spear ' s head weighed six hundred shekels of iron : and one bearing a shield went before him .
Knightley remained with them , Emma ' s fever continued ; but when he was gone , she began to be a little tranquillised and subdued -- and in the course of the sleepless night , which was the tax for such an evening , she found one or two such very serious points to consider , as made her feel , that even her happiness must have some alloy .
27 : 11 My son , be wise , and make my heart glad , that I may answer him that reproacheth me .
It was horrible to Emma to think how it must sink him in the general opinion , to foresee the smiles , the sneers , the merriment it would prompt at his expense ; the mortification and disdain of his brother , the thousand inconveniences to himself .-- Could it be ?-- No ; it was impossible .
22 : 19 And I will drive thee from thy station , and from thy state shall he pull thee down .
CHAPTER 43 Marianne got up the next morning at her usual time ; to every inquiry replied that she was better , and tried to prove herself so , by engaging in her accustomary employments .
H - m ," he thought , " that looks singularly like my friend , the Alligator .
With all my heart .
7 : 26 But , lo , he speaketh boldly , and they say nothing unto him .
6 : 77 Unto the rest of the children of Merari were given out of the tribe of Zebulun , Rimmon with her suburbs , Tabor with her suburbs : 6 : 78 And on the other side Jordan by Jericho , on the east side of Jordan , were given them out of the tribe of Reuben , Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs , and Jahzah with her suburbs , 6 : 79 Kedemoth also with her suburbs , and Mephaath with her suburbs : 6 : 80 And out of the tribe of Gad ; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs , and Mahanaim with her suburbs , 6 : 81 And Heshbon with her suburbs , and Jazer with her suburbs .
when a gallant young man , like Mr .
25 : 21 And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark ; and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee .
She had been thinking of him the moment before , as unquestionably sixteen miles distant .-- There was time only for the quickest arrangement of mind .
15 : 21 A dreadful sound is in his ears : in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him .
Captain Wentworth , however , came from his window , apparently not ill - disposed for conversation ; but Charles Hayter soon put an end to his attempts by seating himself near the table , and taking up the newspaper ; and Captain Wentworth returned to his window .
The card - table was then placed , and Elinor began to wonder at herself for having ever entertained a hope of finding time for conversation at the park .
40 : 15 Then Johanan the son of Kareah spake to Gedaliah in Mizpah secretly saying , Let me go , I pray thee , and I will slay Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , and no man shall know it : wherefore should he slay thee , that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be scattered , and the remnant in Judah perish ?
he shouted .
35 : 11 False witnesses did rise up ; they laid to my charge things that I knew not .
5 : 14 Moreover I will make thee waste , and a reproach among the nations that are round about thee , in the sight of all that pass by .
9 : 24 And the cook took up the shoulder , and that which was upon it , and set it before Saul .
21 : 11 For they intended evil against thee : they imagined a mischievous device , which they are not able to perform .
2 : 21 For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness , than , after they have known it , to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them .
48 : 6 Fear took hold upon them there , and pain , as of a woman in travail .
She frequently gave me hints of it .
or what is our sin that we have committed against the LORD our God ?
But how shall I do ?
11 : 7 And the cow and the bear shall feed ; their young ones shall lie down together : and the lion shall eat straw like the ox .
Weston , capital in her country - dances , was seated , and beginning an irresistible waltz ; and Frank Churchill , coming up with most becoming gallantry to Emma , had secured her hand , and led her up to the top .
Anne found Captain Benwick getting near her , as soon as they were all fairly in the street .
33 : 2 And he said , The LORD came from Sinai , and rose up from Seir unto them ; he shined forth from mount Paran , and he came with ten thousands of saints : from his right hand went a fiery law for them .
26 : 10 When the princes of Judah heard these things , then they came up from the king ' s house unto the house of the LORD , and sat down in the entry of the new gate of the LORD ' s house .
28 : 24 After this manner ye shall offer daily , throughout the seven days , the meat of the sacrifice made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD : it shall be offered beside the continual burnt offering , and his drink offering .
For , though shy , he did not seem reserved ; it had rather the appearance of feelings glad to burst their usual restraints ; and having talked of poetry , the richness of the present age , and gone through a brief comparison of opinion as to the first - rate poets , trying to ascertain whether Marmion or The Lady of the Lake were to be preferred , and how ranked the Giaour and The Bride of Abydos ; and moreover , how the Giaour was to be pronounced , he showed himself so intimately acquainted with all the tenderest songs of the one poet , and all the impassioned descriptions of hopeless agony of the other ; he repeated , with such tremulous feeling , the various lines which imaged a broken heart , or a mind destroyed by wretchedness , and looked so entirely as if he meant to be understood , that she ventured to hope he did not always read only poetry , and to say , that she thought it was the misfortune of poetry to be seldom safely enjoyed by those who enjoyed it completely ; and that the strong feelings which alone could estimate it truly were the very feelings which ought to taste it but sparingly .
And hereby we know that he abideth in us , by the Spirit which he hath given us .
22 : 14 And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts , Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die , saith the Lord GOD of hosts .
15 : 21 Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto the LORD an heave offering in your generations .
1 : 3 The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee , thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock , whose habitation is high ; that saith in his heart , Who shall bring me down to the ground ?
They were scarcely ever without some friends staying with them in the house , and they kept more company of every kind than any other family in the neighbourhood .
" Mrs .
14 : 7 Go from the presence of a foolish man , when thou perceivest not in him the lips of knowledge .
My charge would be much more concise than her ' s , and probably not much in the same spirit ; all that I have to recommend being comprised in , do not spoil them , and do not physic them ."
He had condescended to mortgage as far as he had the power , but he would never condescend to sell .
At last , one day , there came a little package to the Emperor , on the outside of which was written , " The Nightingale ."
could not have supposed any thing !-- Such elegance and profusion !-- I have seen nothing like it since -- Well , where shall we sit ?
Carefully I hold them up to the sun ; carefully I gather the dew in the summer nights ; slowly they ripen ; they grow larger and redder and darker , and at last they are black , shining , delicious .
I have brought you a gift ; it is not wonderful to look at , but it has a wonderful power for your welfare ; wear it , and let it help you ."
3 : 1 Now these are the nations which the LORD left , to prove Israel by them , even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan ; 3 : 2 Only that the generations of the children of Israel might know , to teach them war , at the least such as before knew nothing thereof ; 3 : 3 Namely , five lords of the Philistines , and all the Canaanites , and the Sidonians , and the Hivites that dwelt in mount Lebanon , from mount Baalhermon unto the entering in of Hamath .
Let us be discreet -- quite on our good behaviour .-- Hush !-- You remember those lines -- I forget the poem at this moment : " For when a lady ' s in the case , " You know all other things give place ."
3 : 13 Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego .
5 : 33 And they said unto him , Why do the disciples of John fast often , and make prayers , and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees ; but thine eat and drink ?
Poor Marianne !"
7 : 15 Butter and honey shall he eat , that he may know to refuse the evil , and choose the good .
61 : 3 For thou hast been a shelter for me , and a strong tower from the enemy .
9 : 15 And this is the reason of the levy which king Solomon raised ; for to build the house of the LORD , and his own house , and Millo , and the wall of Jerusalem , and Hazor , and Megiddo , and Gezer .
8 : 36 And they delivered the king ' s commissions unto the king ' s lieutenants , and to the governors on this side the river : and they furthered the people , and the house of God .
6 : 24 And the king commanded , and they brought those men which had accused Daniel , and they cast them into the den of lions , them , their children , and their wives ; and the lions had the mastery of them , and brake all their bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den .
" You are very obliging .-- Frank will be extremely happy , I am sure .-- He is to be in town next week , if not sooner .
I shall not stop .
The possibility of a relapse would of course , in some moments , occur to remind her of what anxiety was -- but when she saw , on her frequent and minute examination , that every symptom of recovery continued , and saw Marianne at six o ' clock sink into a quiet , steady , and to all appearance comfortable , sleep , she silenced every doubt .
20 : 37 And I will cause you to pass under the rod , and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant : 20 : 38 And I will purge out from among you the rebels , and them that transgress against me : I will bring them forth out of the country where they sojourn , and they shall not enter into the land of Israel : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
10 : 3 Wherefore Adonizedec king of Jerusalem , sent unto Hoham king of Hebron , and unto Piram king of Jarmuth , and unto Japhia king of Lachish , and unto Debir king of Eglon , saying , 10 : 4 Come up unto me , and help me , that we may smite Gibeon : for it hath made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel .
8 : 42 Jesus said unto them , If God were your Father , ye would love me : for I proceeded forth and came from God ; neither came I of myself , but he sent me .
Once a youthful pair , Filled with softest care , Met in garden bright Where the holy light Had just removed the curtains of the night .
It would be a disgrace to you to have it said that one of your subjects dared disobey you !"
3 : 41 Let us lift up our heart with our hands unto God in the heavens .
And if they are , I only beg you to send them home ."
3 : 7 For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory ; why yet am I also judged as a sinner ?
9 : 25 And the hail smote throughout all the land of Egypt all that was in the field , both man and beast ; and the hail smote every herb of the field , and brake every tree of the field .
And he arose immediately .
Elinor confirmed it . "
29 : 11 For I know the thoughts that I think toward you , saith the LORD , thoughts of peace , and not of evil , to give you an expected end .
14 : 11 Then said she , I pray thee , let the king remember the LORD thy God , that thou wouldest not suffer the revengers of blood to destroy any more , lest they destroy my son .
They arrived .-- Mrs .
11 : 12 And when he hath taken away the multitude , his heart shall be lifted up ; and he shall cast down many ten thousands : but he shall not be strengthened by it .
said Emma , as soon as she could speak . "
38 : 18 And he said , What pledge shall I give thee ?
and to him that ladeth himself with thick clay !
103 : 19 The LORD hath prepared his throne in the heavens ; and his kingdom ruleth over all .
She was before me , constantly before me , as I travelled , in the same look and hue ."
If ye loved me , ye would rejoice , because I said , I go unto the Father : for my Father is greater than I .
19 : 18 And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke , because the LORD descended upon it in fire : and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace , and the whole mount quaked greatly .
19 : 9 But when divers were hardened , and believed not , but spake evil of that way before the multitude , he departed from them , and separated the disciples , disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus .
Her mother too , in whose mind not one speculative thought of their marriage had been raised , by his prospect of riches , was led before the end of a week to hope and expect it ; and secretly to congratulate herself on having gained two such sons - in - law as Edward and Willoughby .
28 : 13 And , behold , the LORD stood above it , and said , I am the LORD God of Abraham thy father , and the God of Isaac : the land whereon thou liest , to thee will I give it , and to thy seed ; 28 : 14 And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth , and thou shalt spread abroad to the west , and to the east , and to the north , and to the south : and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed .
9 : 12 Turn you to the strong hold , ye prisoners of hope : even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee ; 9 : 13 When I have bent Judah for me , filled the bow with Ephraim , and raised up thy sons , O Zion , against thy sons , O Greece , and made thee as the sword of a mighty man .
It cannot be doubted that Sir Walter and Elizabeth were shocked and mortified by the loss of their companion , and the discovery of their deception in her .
The Lion is dead ! "
5 : 22 At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh : neither shalt thou be afraid of the beasts of the earth .
3 : 17 And the sons of Jeconiah ; Assir , Salathiel his son , 3 : 18 Malchiram also , and Pedaiah , and Shenazar , Jecamiah , Hoshama , and Nedabiah .
29 : 30 Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah , saying , 29 : 31 Send to all them of the captivity , saying , Thus saith the LORD concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite ; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied unto you , and I sent him not , and he caused you to trust in a lie : 29 : 32 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite , and his seed : he shall not have a man to dwell among this people ; neither shall he behold the good that I will do for my people , saith the LORD ; because he hath taught rebellion against the LORD .
You see I cannot leave Mrs .
Knightley .
We must go ," said Sir John .--" It shall not be put off when we are so near it .
3 : 14 And if thou wilt walk in my ways , to keep my statutes and my commandments , as thy father David did walk , then I will lengthen thy days .
Mrs .
You pierce my soul .
15 : 27 And he said unto him , Thy brother is come ; and thy father hath killed the fatted calf , because he hath received him safe and sound .
13 : 14 I will ransom them from the power of the grave ; I will redeem them from death : O death , I will be thy plagues ; O grave , I will be thy destruction : repentance shall be hid from mine eyes .
2 : 5 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in a pan , it shall be of fine flour unleavened , mingled with oil .
22 : 4 And he went his way , and communed with the chief priests and captains , how he might betray him unto them .
There is great truth , however , in what you have now urged of the allowances which ought to be made for him , and it is my wish to be candid in my judgment of every body .
But I hope , Miss Woodhouse , that supposing -- that if -- strange as it may appear --.
78 : 62 He gave his people over also unto the sword ; and was wroth with his inheritance .
1 : 13 Is Christ divided ?
And he gave him his hand ; and he took him up to him into the chariot .
At any rate it would be most ungenerous .
Elinor encouraged her as much as possible to talk of what she felt ; and before breakfast was ready , they had gone through the subject again and again ; and with the same steady conviction and affectionate counsel on Elinor ' s side , the same impetuous feelings and varying opinions on Marianne ' s , as before .
8 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 8 : 2 Take Aaron and his sons with him , and the garments , and the anointing oil , and a bullock for the sin offering , and two rams , and a basket of unleavened bread ; 8 : 3 And gather thou all the congregation together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
This is three times as large .-- And you have never any odd humours , my dear ."
18 : 31 Then said Pilate unto them , Take ye him , and judge him according to your law .
9 : 11 He answered and said , A man that is called Jesus made clay , and anointed mine eyes , and said unto me , Go to the pool of Siloam , and wash : and I went and washed , and I received sight .
He talked of Harriet , and praised her so warmly , that she could not suppose any thing wanting which a little time would not add .
6 : 11 And he shall put off his garments , and put on other garments , and carry forth the ashes without the camp unto a clean place .
" Very well -- and as Randalls , I suppose , is not likely to have less influence than heretofore , it strikes me as a possible thing , Emma , that Henry and John may be sometimes in the way .
14 : 2 And he came up , and told his father and his mother , and said , I have seen a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines : now therefore get her for me to wife .
Is nothing due to the man whom we have all such reason to love , and no reason in the world to think ill of ?
5 : 18 The sons of Reuben , and the Gadites , and half the tribe of Manasseh , of valiant men , men able to bear buckler and sword , and to shoot with bow , and skilful in war , were four and forty thousand seven hundred and threescore , that went out to the war .
Then he thought he should be perfectly happy , having his own way ; but instead , he grew more unhappy as he grew less good .
2 : 45 Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands , and that it brake in pieces the iron , the brass , the clay , the silver , and the gold ; the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter : and the dream is certain , and the interpretation thereof sure .
11 : 28 And when she had so said , she went her way , and called Mary her sister secretly , saying , The Master is come , and calleth for thee .
I lay no embargo on any body ' s words .
63 : 4 Thus will I bless thee while I live : I will lift up my hands in thy name .
These words , which conveyed to Elinor a direct avowal of his love for her sister , affected her very much .
Are you speaking of -- Mr .
9 : 17 And the children of Israel journeyed , and came unto their cities on the third day .
3 : 1 Woe to the bloody city !
Emma laughed , and replied : " But I had the assistance of all your endeavours to counteract the indulgence of other people .
48 : 3 And by the border of Asher , from the east side even unto the west side , a portion for Naphtali .
I have another person ' s interest at present so much at heart , that I cannot think any longer about Frank Churchill .
She will break it to you better than I can .
26 : 41 These are the sons of Benjamin after their families : and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and six hundred .
And he fled to Megiddo , and died there .
13 : 13 And I made treasurers over the treasuries , Shelemiah the priest , and Zadok the scribe , and of the Levites , Pedaiah : and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur , the son of Mattaniah : for they were counted faithful , and their office was to distribute unto their brethren .
2 : 1 And when any will offer a meat offering unto the LORD , his offering shall be of fine flour ; and he shall pour oil upon it , and put frankincense thereon : 2 : 2 And he shall bring it to Aaron ' s sons the priests : and he shall take thereout his handful of the flour thereof , and of the oil thereof , with all the frankincense thereof ; and the priest shall burn the memorial of it upon the altar , to be an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD : 2 : 3 And the remnant of the meat offering shall be Aaron ' s and his sons ': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire .
9 : 12 When he maketh inquisition for blood , he remembereth them : he forgetteth not the cry of the humble .
13 : 14 And I will dash them one against another , even the fathers and the sons together , saith the LORD : I will not pity , nor spare , nor have mercy , but destroy them .
He that hath ears to hear , let him hear .
25 : 32 And Esau said , Behold , I am at the point to die : and what profit shall this birthright do to me ?
30 : 14 And Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest , and found mandrakes in the field , and brought them unto his mother Leah .
3 : 11 For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid , which is Jesus Christ .
His recollection of Harriet , and the words which clothed it , the " beautiful little friend ," suggested to her the idea of Harriet ' s succeeding her in his affections .
36 : 12 And Timna was concubine to Eliphaz Esau ' s son ; and she bare to Eliphaz Amalek : these were the sons of Adah Esau ' s wife .
Elinor ' s uneasiness was at least equal to her mother ' s .
It is Frank Churchill ' s duty to pay this attention to his father .
25 : 8 Then Abraham gave up the ghost , and died in a good old age , an old man , and full of years ; and was gathered to his people .
36 : 11 And the sons of Eliphaz were Teman , Omar , Zepho , and Gatam , and Kenaz .
50 : 2 And Joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father : and the physicians embalmed Israel .
Good bye ,-- God bless you !"
A continuance in a place where everything reminded her of former delight , was exactly what suited her mind .
89 : 35 Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David .
1 : 13 And the evening and the morning were the third day .
She had no objection .
11 : 29 Then the disciples , every man according to his ability , determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judaea : 11 : 30 Which also they did , and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul .
I am amazed that you should think of such a thing ."
The prince turned sharply , but no one was to be seen ; yet he recognised the voice as that of Fairy Candide .
I wish she had accepted him .
6 : 5 And the king ' s servants said unto him , Behold , Haman standeth in the court .
Sir John , who called on them more than once , brought home such accounts of the favour they were in , as must be universally striking .
22 : 7 Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand , because they dealt faithfully .
3 : 23 Then I arose , and went forth into the plain : and , behold , the glory of the LORD stood there , as the glory which I saw by the river of Chebar : and I fell on my face .
Jesus said , Thou shalt do no murder , Thou shalt not commit adultery , Thou shalt not steal , Thou shalt not bear false witness , 19 : 19 Honour thy father and thy mother : and , Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself .
15 : 25 But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints .
These are the children of Japhlet .
And the maid went and called the child ' s mother .
42 : 8 For the length of the chambers that were in the utter court was fifty cubits : and , lo , before the temple were an hundred cubits .
19 : 3 These ten times have ye reproached me : ye are not ashamed that ye make yourselves strange to me .
14 : 15 And he will shew you a large upper room furnished and prepared : there make ready for us .
46 : 31 And Joseph said unto his brethren , and unto his father ' s house , I will go up , and shew Pharaoh , and say unto him , My brethren , and my father ' s house , which were in the land of Canaan , are come unto me ; 46 : 32 And the men are shepherds , for their trade hath been to feed cattle ; and they have brought their flocks , and their herds , and all that they have .
77 : 17 The clouds poured out water : the skies sent out a sound : thine arrows also went abroad .
I am not going to marry Mr Elliot .
55 : 17 Evening , and morning , and at noon , will I pray , and cry aloud : and he shall hear my voice .
Jennings ' s acquaintance to inform them of her being in town ; and Marianne was all the time busy in observing the direction of the wind , watching the variations of the sky and imagining an alteration in the air . "
1 : 10 And if his offering be of the flocks , namely , of the sheep , or of the goats , for a burnt sacrifice ; he shall bring it a male without blemish .
He had gone beyond the sweep -- some way along the Highbury road -- the snow was nowhere above half an inch deep -- in many places hardly enough to whiten the ground ; a very few flakes were falling at present , but the clouds were parting , and there was every appearance of its being soon over .
3 : 5 But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God , what shall we say ?
10 : 10 He that winketh with the eye causeth sorrow : but a prating fool shall fall .
9 : 10 I found Israel like grapes in the wilderness ; I saw your fathers as the firstripe in the fig tree at her first time : but they went to Baalpeor , and separated themselves unto that shame ; and their abominations were according as they loved .
1 : 5 For this cause left I thee in Crete , that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting , and ordain elders in every city , as I had appointed thee : 1 : 6 If any be blameless , the husband of one wife , having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly .
And without farther ceremony , she turned away and walked to the instrument .
2 : 9 But I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving ; I will pay that that I have vowed .
At last , however , my resolution was taken , and I had determined , as soon as I could engage her alone , to justify the attentions I had so invariably paid her , and openly assure her of an affection which I had already taken such pains to display .
1 : 8 But unto the Son he saith , Thy throne , O God , is for ever and ever : a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom .
1 : 3 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Damascus , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of iron : 1 : 4 But I will send a fire into the house of Hazael , which shall devour the palaces of Benhadad .
38 : 30 The waters are hid as with a stone , and the face of the deep is frozen .
10 : 1 Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ , who in presence am base among you , but being absent am bold toward you : 10 : 2 But I beseech you , that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence , wherewith I think to be bold against some , which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh .
20 : 45 Then in the audience of all the people he said unto his disciples , 20 : 46 Beware of the scribes , which desire to walk in long robes , and love greetings in the markets , and the highest seats in the synagogues , and the chief rooms at feasts ; 20 : 47 Which devour widows ' houses , and for a shew make long prayers : the same shall receive greater damnation .
30 : 1 I will extol thee , O LORD ; for thou hast lifted me up , and hast not made my foes to rejoice over me .
3 : 13 And the letters were sent by posts into all the king ' s provinces , to destroy , to kill , and to cause to perish , all Jews , both young and old , little children and women , in one day , even upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month , which is the month Adar , and to take the spoil of them for a prey .
Edward said very little ; but what he did say , was in the most determined manner .
21 : 19 And when he saw a fig tree in the way , he came to it , and found nothing thereon , but leaves only , and said unto it , Let no fruit grow on thee henceforward for ever .
Bad indeed must the nature of Marianne ' s affliction be , when her mother could talk of fortitude !
28 : 6 When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob , and sent him away to Padanaram , to take him a wife from thence ; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge , saying , Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughers of Canaan ; 28 : 7 And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother , and was gone to Padanaram ; 28 : 8 And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father ; 28 : 9 Then went Esau unto Ishmael , and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham ' s son , the sister of Nebajoth , to be his wife .
29 : 8 For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Let not your prophets and your diviners , that be in the midst of you , deceive you , neither hearken to your dreams which ye cause to be dreamed .
7 : 18 And the fish that is in the river shall die , and the river shall stink ; and the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the water of the river .
he that teacheth man knowledge , shall not he know ?
16 : 34 And the contrary is in thee from other women in thy whoredoms , whereas none followeth thee to commit whoredoms : and in that thou givest a reward , and no reward is given unto thee , therefore thou art contrary .
" Very soon , very soon , indeed ; that ' s the worst of it .
" No , no , let us play , for it is yet day , And we cannot go to sleep ; Besides , in the sky the little birds fly , And the hills are all covered with sheep ."
33 : 20 Our soul waiteth for the LORD : he is our help and our shield .
119 : 50 This is my comfort in my affliction : for thy word hath quickened me .
but now the LORD hath forsaken us , and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites .
27 : 21 And Isaac said unto Jacob , Come near , I pray thee , that I may feel thee , my son , whether thou be my very son Esau or not .
17 : 14 When thou art come unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , and shalt possess it , and shalt dwell therein , and shalt say , I will set a king over me , like as all the nations that are about me ; 17 : 15 Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee , whom the LORD thy God shall choose : one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee : thou mayest not set a stranger over thee , which is not thy brother .
She wanted to be of use to her ; wanted to shew a value for her society , and testify respect and consideration .
and there is none upon earth that I desire beside thee .
The Pope looked at the poor jester with pity , but the Emperor of Allemaine turned to the King of Sicily , and said , " Is it not rather dangerous , brother , to keep a madman as jester ?"
Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof .
45 : 24 And he shall prepare a meat offering of an ephah for a bullock , and an ephah for a ram , and an hin of oil for an ephah .
I like a fine prospect , but not on picturesque principles .
94 : 4 How long shall they utter and speak hard things ?
23 : 10 Neither be ye called masters : for one is your Master , even Christ .
21 : 27 And it came to pass , when Ahab heard those words , that he rent his clothes , and put sackcloth upon his flesh , and fasted , and lay in sackcloth , and went softly .
Amen .
9 : 34 These chief fathers of the Levites were chief throughout their generations ; these dwelt at Jerusalem .
And Huram finished the work that he was to make for king Solomon for the house of God ; 4 : 12 To wit , the two pillars , and the pommels , and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars , and the two wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the top of the pillars ; 4 : 13 And four hundred pomegranates on the two wreaths ; two rows of pomegranates on each wreath , to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were upon the pillars .
51 : 50 Ye that have escaped the sword , go away , stand not still : remember the LORD afar off , and let Jerusalem come into your mind .
38 : 22 Make haste to help me , O Lord my salvation .
or whom have I defrauded ?
mark , and afterwards we will speak .
26 : 10 Which thing I also did in Jerusalem : and many of the saints did I shut up in prison , having received authority from the chief priests ; and when they were put to death , I gave my voice against them .
2 : 6 And the LORD said unto Satan , Behold , he is in thine hand ; but save his life .
32 : 17 They sacrificed unto devils , not to God ; to gods whom they knew not , to new gods that came newly up , whom your fathers feared not .
And David mourned for his son every day .
16 : 9 He teareth me in his wrath , who hateth me : he gnasheth upon me with his teeth ; mine enemy sharpeneth his eyes upon me .
Lady Middleton expressed her sense of the affair about once every day , or twice , if the subject occurred very often , by saying , " It is very shocking , indeed !"
10 : 15 Verily I say unto you , Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child , he shall not enter therein .
3 : 5 And the greater house he cieled with fir tree , which he overlaid with fine gold , and set thereon palm trees and chains .
11 : 18 And they arose out of Midian , and came to Paran : and they took men with them out of Paran , and they came to Egypt , unto Pharaoh king of Egypt ; which gave him an house , and appointed him victuals , and gave him land .
6 : 15 And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king .
Goddard ' s to - day ; and she may be detained by a visitor , without thinking him at all a tiresome wretch ."
The next morning brought another short note from Marianne -- still affectionate , open , artless , confiding -- everything that could make MY conduct most hateful .
6 : 5 For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death , we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection : 6 : 6 Knowing this , that our old man is crucified with him , that the body of sin might be destroyed , that henceforth we should not serve sin .
It was not unlikely , she thought , that she might see Mr .
26 : 17 And Saul knew David ' s voice , and said , Is this thy voice , my son David ?
no -- there is nothing to surprize one at all .-- A pretty fortune ; and she came in his way ."
3 : 8 Then was Abner very wroth for the words of Ishbosheth , and said , Am I a dog ' s head , which against Judah do shew kindness this day unto the house of Saul thy father , to his brethren , and to his friends , and have not delivered thee into the hand of David , that thou chargest me to day with a fault concerning this woman ?
16 : 13 And it came to pass , that at even the quails came up , and covered the camp : and in the morning the dew lay round about the host .
4 : 40 So they poured out for the men to eat .
3 : 3 And Solomon loved the LORD , walking in the statutes of David his father : only he sacrificed and burnt incense in high places .
Chapter 20 Sir Walter , his two daughters , and Mrs Clay , were the earliest of all their party at the rooms in the evening ; and as Lady Dalrymple must be waited for , they took their station by one of the fires in the Octagon Room .
She felt that she should like to have had the power of refusal ; and afterwards , as the idea of the party to be assembled there , consisting precisely of those whose society was dearest to her , occurred again and again , she did not know that she might not have been tempted to accept .
40 : 21 He lieth under the shady trees , in the covert of the reed , and fens .
20 : 2 And Abraham said of Sarah his wife , She is my sister : and Abimelech king of Gerar sent , and took Sarah .
Weston , you and I must be cautious how we express ourselves .
3 : 27 John answered and said , A man can receive nothing , except it be given him from heaven .
5 : 12 Keep the sabbath day to sanctify it , as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee .
He could not see her in a situation of such danger , without trying to preserve her .
8 : 10 And he stayed yet other seven days ; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark ; 8 : 11 And the dove came in to him in the evening ; and , lo , in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off : so Noah knew that the waters were abated from off the earth .
What Mr .
Elton was appealed to .--" Was not it astonishingly like ?-- She could really almost fancy herself at Maple Grove ."
Her joy and expression of regard long outlived her wonder .
16 : 9 And men were scorched with great heat , and blasphemed the name of God , which hath power over these plagues : and they repented not to give him glory .
1 : 5 And they found Adonibezek in Bezek : and they fought against him , and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites .
11 : 16 For , lo , I will raise up a shepherd in the land , which shall not visit those that be cut off , neither shall seek the young one , nor heal that that is broken , nor feed that that standeth still : but he shall eat the flesh of the fat , and tear their claws in pieces .
14 : 1 Let not your heart be troubled : ye believe in God , believe also in me .
They had a concert bill between them . "
.
Well THAT is an odd kind of delicacy !
" I am afraid ," replied Elinor , " that the pleasantness of an employment does not always evince its propriety ."
77 : 14 Thou art the God that doest wonders : thou hast declared thy strength among the people .
50 : 3 And forty days were fulfilled for him ; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed : and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days .
46 : 20 Then said he unto me , This is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering , where they shall bake the meat offering ; that they bear them not out into the utter court , to sanctify the people .
before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain : and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings , crying , Grace , grace unto it .
Impossible !
But Jesus gave him no answer .
3 : 2 Then Nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather together the princes , the governors , and the captains , the judges , the treasurers , the counsellors , the sheriffs , and all the rulers of the provinces , to come to the dedication of the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up .
29 : 30 And he went in also unto Rachel , and he loved also Rachel more than Leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
After such behaviour , as I have witnessed during the last month , to Miss Smith -- such attentions as I have been in the daily habit of observing -- to be addressing me in this manner -- this is an unsteadiness of character , indeed , which I had not supposed possible !
And when at last they finished , they had stripped the fields of the army of crickets ; and the people were saved .
The children are all fond of him ."
or what likeness will ye compare unto him ?
Of pride , indeed , there was , perhaps , scarcely enough ; his indifference to a confusion of rank , bordered too much on inelegance of mind .
So the Ducks brought a strong little stick and took hold of the ends , while the Tortoise bit firmly on the middle .
The weather added what it could of gloom .
7 : 12 Now when he came nigh to the gate of the city , behold , there was a dead man carried out , the only son of his mother , and she was a widow : and much people of the city was with her .
13 : 6 Of the tribe of Judah , Caleb the son of Jephunneh .
" You seem determined to think ill of him ."
and what is thy request ?
And he answered , I called not , my son ; lie down again .
When he began to swim he swam out to where the river was the very deepest .
21 : 22 And I saw no temple therein : for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it .
139 : 23 Search me , O God , and know my heart : try me , and know my thoughts : 139 : 24 And see if there be any wicked way in me , and lead me in the way everlasting .
3 : 15 And Solomon awoke ; and , behold , it was a dream .
5 : 15 And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years , and begat Jared : 5 : 16 And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years , and begat sons and daughters : 5 : 17 And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years : and he died .
33 : 12 Blessed is the nation whose God is the LORD ; and the people whom he hath chosen for his own inheritance .
It is only the Palmers .
6 : 7 And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem , saying , There is a king in Judah : and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words .
12 : 10 But when ye go over Jordan , and dwell in the land which the LORD your God giveth you to inherit , and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about , so that ye dwell in safety ; 12 : 11 Then there shall be a place which the LORD your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there ; thither shall ye bring all that I command you ; your burnt offerings , and your sacrifices , your tithes , and the heave offering of your hand , and all your choice vows which ye vow unto the LORD : 12 : 12 And ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God , ye , and your sons , and your daughters , and your menservants , and your maidservants , and the Levite that is within your gates ; forasmuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you .
20 : 7 If he say thus , It is well ; thy servant shall have peace : but if he be very wroth , then be sure that evil is determined by him .
And with this admirable discretion did she defer the assurance of her finding their mutual relatives more disagreeable than ever , and of her being particularly disgusted with his mother , till they were more in private . "
Perhaps it will be wisest in you to check your feelings while you can : at any rate do not let them carry you far , unless you are persuaded of his liking you .
3 : 13 For I have told him that I will judge his house for ever for the iniquity which he knoweth ; because his sons made themselves vile , and he restrained them not .
40 : 19 The workman melteth a graven image , and the goldsmith spreadeth it over with gold , and casteth silver chains .
For such particulars , stated on such authority , Elinor could not withhold her credit ; nor was she disposed to it , for the circumstance was in perfect unison with what she had heard and seen herself .
21 : 28 At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite , then he sacrificed there .
35 : 7 So all the cities which ye shall give to the Levites shall be forty and eight cities : them shall ye give with their suburbs .
The dinner , already ordered at the inn , was at last , though unwillingly , accepted as a excuse ; but they seemed almost hurt that Captain Wentworth should have brought any such party to Lyme , without considering it as a thing of course that they should dine with them .
22 : 7 And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the rewards of divination in their hand ; and they came unto Balaam , and spake unto him the words of Balak .
The minutiae of the business Anne could not attempt to understand ; even Captain Wentworth did not seem admitted to perfect confidence here ; but that there had been a withdrawing on the gentleman ' s side , and a relenting on the lady ' s , and that they were now very glad to be together again , did not admit a doubt .
Slowly a bright tear fell and splashed the dust .
" Oh ," said King Solomon , " if that is the case , the Otter killed the Otter ' s children .
just behind .
10 : 6 Blessings are upon the head of the just : but violence covereth the mouth of the wicked .
You are not aware of what you are doing .
14 : 3 Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not ; and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth : for God hath received him .
And he brought forth the spoil of the city in great abundance .
30 : 32 If thou hast done foolishly in lifting up thyself , or if thou hast thought evil , lay thine hand upon thy mouth .
Oh !
40 : 19 Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower gate unto the forefront of the inner court without , an hundred cubits eastward and northward .
138 : 8 The LORD will perfect that which concerneth me : thy mercy , O LORD , endureth for ever : forsake not the works of thine own hands .
5 : 8 Be ye also patient ; stablish your hearts : for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh .
2 : 30 But Sihon king of Heshbon would not let us pass by him : for the LORD thy God hardened his spirit , and made his heart obstinate , that he might deliver him into thy hand , as appeareth this day .
For the rest of his character and habits , they were marked , as far as Elinor could perceive , with no traits at all unusual in his sex and time of life .
2 : 27 And he came by the Spirit into the temple : and when the parents brought in the child Jesus , to do for him after the custom of the law , 2 : 28 Then took he him up in his arms , and blessed God , and said , 2 : 29 Lord , now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace , according to thy word : 2 : 30 For mine eyes have seen thy salvation , 2 : 31 Which thou hast prepared before the face of all people ; 2 : 32 A light to lighten the Gentiles , and the glory of thy people Israel .
3 : 55 I called upon thy name , O LORD , out of the low dungeon .
18 : 14 And Hezekiah king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria to Lachish , saying , I have offended ; return from me : that which thou puttest on me will I bear .
Seven nights they sleep Among shadows deep , And dream they see their child Starved in desert wild .
By reading only six hours a - day , I shall gain in the course of a twelve - month a great deal of instruction which I now feel myself to want ."
The others will be here presently ."
4 : 7 For who maketh thee to differ from another ?
40 : 2 He brought me up also out of an horrible pit , out of the miry clay , and set my feet upon a rock , and established my goings .
12 : 32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man , it shall be forgiven him : but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost , it shall not be forgiven him , neither in this world , neither in the world to come .
23 : 1 The burden of Tyre .
6 : 15 And it came to pass on the seventh day , that they rose early about the dawning of the day , and compassed the city after the same manner seven times : only on that day they compassed the city seven times .
Perhaps you might notice the ring when you saw him ?"
19 : 7 The law of the LORD is perfect , converting the soul : the testimony of the LORD is sure , making wise the simple .
" Is she unwell ?"
30 : 7 And Aaron shall burn thereon sweet incense every morning : when he dresseth the lamps , he shall burn incense upon it .
I think they judge wisely .
What a very ungrateful bird !"
18 : 5 And the king commanded Joab and Abishai and Ittai , saying , Deal gently for my sake with the young man , even with Absalom .
And Saul had put away those that had familiar spirits , and the wizards , out of the land .
11 : 4 And it came to pass in process of time , that the children of Ammon made war against Israel .
18 : 23 Jesus answered him , If I have spoken evil , bear witness of the evil : but if well , why smitest thou me ?
He had returned to a late dinner , and walked to Hartfield as soon as it was over .
13 : 13 Whoso despiseth the word shall be destroyed : but he that feareth the commandment shall be rewarded .
31 : 14 And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness , and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness , saith the LORD .
12 : 26 And it shall come to pass , when your children shall say unto you , What mean ye by this service ?
She had gone to her letters , and found it all as she supposed ; and the re - perusal of these letters , after so long an interval , her poor son gone for ever , and all the strength of his faults forgotten , had affected her spirits exceedingly , and thrown her into greater grief for him than she had know on first hearing of his death .
Emma was delighted , and only wanted him to go on in the same style ; but his mind was the next moment in his own concerns and with his own Jane , and his next words were , " Did you ever see such a skin ?-- such smoothness !
19 : 3 But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun , Thinkest thou that David doth honour thy father , that he hath sent comforters unto thee ?
He would go , though I told him how ill I was .
He was shepherd - boy for his father , and all day -- often all night -- he was out in the fields , far from home , watching over the sheep .
20 : 16 To morrow go ye down against them : behold , they come up by the cliff of Ziz ; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook , before the wilderness of Jeruel .
. "
have I not seen Jesus Christ our Lord ?
Woodhouse ; " and always did .
They could then see that she looked very ill , were shocked and concerned , and would not stir without her for the world .
2 : 3 The sons of Judah ; Er , and Onan , and Shelah : which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess .
5 : 31 If I bear witness of myself , my witness is not true .
can I bring him back again ?
27 : 51 And , behold , the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom ; and the earth did quake , and the rocks rent ; 27 : 52 And the graves were opened ; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose , 27 : 53 And came out of the graves after his resurrection , and went into the holy city , and appeared unto many .
She will feel her own sufferings to be nothing .
CHAPTER IV Harriet Smith ' s intimacy at Hartfield was soon a settled thing .
These people left us some splendid stories about their kings , their fights , and their beautiful women ; but it all happened such a long time ago that the stories are mixtures of things that really happened and what people said about them , and we don ' t know just which is which .
All the better .
Harriet Smith was the natural daughter of somebody .
Miss Harriet Smith may not find offers of marriage flow in so fast , though she is a very pretty girl .
do not you know who Miss Williams is ?
68 : 14 When the Almighty scattered kings in it , it was white as snow in Salmon .
I cannot make bread , I cannot sweep , I cannot sew a seam ; when I was a little girl I never learned to work , and now I cannot do anything right .
14 : 25 He restored the coast of Israel from the entering of Hamath unto the sea of the plain , according to the word of the LORD God of Israel , which he spake by the hand of his servant Jonah , the son of Amittai , the prophet , which was of Gathhepher .
1 : 8 Remember , I beseech thee , the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses , saying , If ye transgress , I will scatter you abroad among the nations : 1 : 9 But if ye turn unto me , and keep my commandments , and do them ; though there were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven , yet will I gather them from thence , and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there .
9 : 31 Now we know that God heareth not sinners : but if any man be a worshipper of God , and doeth his will , him he heareth .
It was owing to _her_ persuasion , as she thought his being out in bad weather did him a great deal of harm .
31 : 2 And the Philistines followed hard upon Saul and upon his sons ; and the Philistines slew Jonathan , and Abinadab , and Melchishua , Saul ' s sons .
14 : 7 Go , tell Jeroboam , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Forasmuch as I exalted thee from among the people , and made thee prince over my people Israel , 14 : 8 And rent the kingdom away from the house of David , and gave it thee : and yet thou hast not been as my servant David , who kept my commandments , and who followed me with all his heart , to do that only which was right in mine eyes ; 14 : 9 But hast done evil above all that were before thee : for thou hast gone and made thee other gods , and molten images , to provoke me to anger , and hast cast me behind thy back : 14 : 10 Therefore , behold , I will bring evil upon the house of Jeroboam , and will cut off from Jeroboam him that pisseth against the wall , and him that is shut up and left in Israel , and will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam , as a man taketh away dung , till it be all gone .
29 : 35 And also the burnt offerings were in abundance , with the fat of the peace offerings , and the drink offerings for every burnt offering .
They will come and stand by my chair , and say , ` Grandpapa , can you give me a bit of string ?'
The music was so loud that he awoke .
Weston , always alert when business was to be done , and as incapable of procrastinating any evil that was inevitable , as of foreseeing any that was doubtful , said , " It was time to go ;" and the young man , though he might and did sigh , could not but agree , to take leave . "
19 : 29 Be ye afraid of the sword : for wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword , that ye may know there is a judgment .
16 : 9 Then Jesse made Shammah to pass by .
Weston ," said she , " we are detaining the girls ."
4 : 3 And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone : and there was a rainbow round about the throne , in sight like unto an emerald .
7 : 9 And mine eye shall not spare , neither will I have pity : I will recompense thee according to thy ways and thine abominations that are in the midst of thee ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that smiteth .
18 : 7 Woe unto the world because of offences !
14 : 8 And Asa had an army of men that bare targets and spears , out of Judah three hundred thousand ; and out of Benjamin , that bare shields and drew bows , two hundred and fourscore thousand : all these were mighty men of valour .
17 : 5 While he yet spake , behold , a bright cloud overshadowed them : and behold a voice out of the cloud , which said , This is my beloved Son , in whom I am well pleased ; hear ye him .
His estate had been rated by Sir John at about six or seven hundred a year ; but he lived at an expense to which that income could hardly be equal , and he had himself often complained of his poverty .
She had little difficulty ; it was soon determined that they would go ; go to - morrow , fix themselves at the inn , or get into lodgings , as it suited , and there remain till dear Louisa could be moved .
-- But though Mrs .
18 : 9 And he said , What have I sinned , that thou wouldest deliver thy servant into the hand of Ahab , to slay me ?
9 : 23 And this I do for the gospel ' s sake , that I might be partaker thereof with you .
4 : 15 And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering the sanctuary , and all the vessels of the sanctuary , as the camp is to set forward ; after that , the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it : but they shall not touch any holy thing , lest they die .
So he forbare , and slew them not among their brethren .
ye shall be slain all of you : as a bowing wall shall ye be , and as a tottering fence .
2 : 21 No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment : else the new piece that filled it up taketh away from the old , and the rent is made worse .
yes , quite indispensable ."
16 : 10 For thou wilt not leave my soul in hell ; neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption .
And the lion in the water shook his mane and showed his teeth .
Then he suffered him .
24 : 12 And Balaam said unto Balak , Spake I not also to thy messengers which thou sentest unto me , saying , 24 : 13 If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold , I cannot go beyond the commandment of the LORD , to do either good or bad of mine own mind ; but what the LORD saith , that will I speak ?
Captain Wentworth , after being unseen and unheard of at Uppercross for two whole days , appeared again among them to justify himself by a relation of what had kept him away .
36 : 1 Now these are the generations of Esau , who is Edom .
22 : 2 In the midst of the street of it , and on either side of the river , was there the tree of life , which bare twelve manner of fruits , and yielded her fruit every month : and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations .
I do assure you that you owe it entirely , at least almost entirely , to your own merit , and Colonel Brandon ' s discernment of it .
But David abode in the wilderness , and he saw that Saul came after him into the wilderness .
21 : 1 After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias ; and on this wise shewed he himself .
22 : 6 If fire break out , and catch in thorns , so that the stacks of corn , or the standing corn , or the field , be consumed therewith ; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
" I should always be happy ," replied Elinor , " to show any mark of my esteem and friendship for Mr .
I have no pity for either of them .
This was the only visit from Frank Churchill in the course of ten days .
It must have been from attachment only , that she could be led to form the engagement .
3 : 20 Again , When a righteous man doth turn from his righteousness , and commit iniquity , and I lay a stumbling - block before him , he shall die : because thou hast not given him warning , he shall die in his sin , and his righteousness which he hath done shall not be remembered ; but his blood will I require at thine hand .
Donavan , and Mr .
saith the LORD GOD ;) 16 : 24 That thou hast also built unto thee an eminent place , and hast made thee an high place in every street .
It is tenderness of heart which makes my dear father so generally beloved -- which gives Isabella all her popularity .-- I have it not -- but I know how to prize and respect it .-- Harriet is my superior in all the charm and all the felicity it gives .
yes ; certainly ."
4 : 11 Now Heber the Kenite , which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses , had severed himself from the Kenites , and pitched his tent unto the plain of Zaanaim , which is by Kedesh .
asked her mother . "
THE TIGER Tiger , tiger , burning bright In the forest of the night , What immortal hand or eye Could Frame thy fearful symmetry ?
15 : 36 And he took the seven loaves and the fishes , and gave thanks , and brake them , and gave to his disciples , and the disciples to the multitude .
50 : 10 Who is among you that feareth the LORD , that obeyeth the voice of his servant , that walketh in darkness , and hath no light ?
Emma allowed her father to talk -- but supplied her visitors in a much more satisfactory style , and on the present evening had particular pleasure in sending them away happy .
8 : 5 Who is this that cometh up from the wilderness , leaning upon her beloved ?
11 : 14 And if ye will receive it , this is Elias , which was for to come .
14 : 30 But when he saw the wind boisterous , he was afraid ; and beginning to sink , he cried , saying , Lord , save me .
14 : 10 The heart knoweth his own bitterness ; and a stranger doth not intermeddle with his joy .
The Dashwoods were two days on the road , and Marianne bore her journey on both , without essential fatigue .
22 : 28 Is this man Coniah a despised broken idol ?
Jennings were first calling on her in Harley Street , another of her acquaintance had dropt in -- a circumstance in itself not apparently likely to produce evil to her .
" Quite delightful !"
" I think I have ," replied Elinor , with an exertion of spirits , which increased with her increase of emotion . "
7 : 8 And the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah , saying , 7 : 9 Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts , saying , Execute true judgment , and shew mercy and compassions every man to his brother : 7 : 10 And oppress not the widow , nor the fatherless , the stranger , nor the poor ; and let none of you imagine evil against his brother in your heart .
17 : 8 The beast that thou sawest was , and is not ; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit , and go into perdition : and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder , whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world , when they behold the beast that was , and is not , and yet is .
19 : 12 His troops come together , and raise up their way against me , and encamp round about my tabernacle .
She saw him not far off .
There was deep consciousness about him , and he found it easier to meet her eye than her friend ' s .
An unpretending , single - minded , artless girl -- infinitely to be preferred by any man of sense and taste to such a woman as Mrs .
Ah !
3 : 19 And I am sure that the king of Egypt will not let you go , no , not by a mighty hand .
No -- he should not eat .
who will lead me into Edom ?
said Sir John .
These parlors are both too small for such parties of our friends as I hope to see often collected here ; and I have some thoughts of throwing the passage into one of them with perhaps a part of the other , and so leave the remainder of that other for an entrance ; this , with a new drawing room which may be easily added , and a bed - chamber and garret above , will make it a very snug little cottage .
34 : 31 And they said , Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot ?
And Balak the son of Zippor was king of the Moabites at that time .
15 : 6 And Saul said unto the Kenites , Go , depart , get you down from among the Amalekites , lest I destroy you with them : for ye shewed kindness to all the children of Israel , when they came up out of Egypt .
He felt it all , so much for her sake .
77 : 20 Thou leddest thy people like a flock by the hand of Moses and Aaron .
Oh !
9 : 41 And Jesus answering said , O faithless and perverse generation , how long shall I be with you , and suffer you ?
These were the ladies whom Emma found herself very frequently able to collect ; and happy was she , for her father ' s sake , in the power ; though , as far as she was herself concerned , it was no remedy for the absence of Mrs .
3 : 12 Then the spirit took me up , and I heard behind me a voice of a great rushing , saying , Blessed be the glory of the LORD from his place .
They were permitted to go alone ; and with a cordial nod from one , and a graceful bow from the other , the two gentlemen took leave .
8 : 3 But if any man love God , the same is known of him .
1 : 5 I will therefore put you in remembrance , though ye once knew this , how that the Lord , having saved the people out of the land of Egypt , afterward destroyed them that believed not .
7 : 5 For neither did his brethren believe in him .
12 : 27 And this word , Yet once more , signifieth the removing of those things that are shaken , as of things that are made , that those things which cannot be shaken may remain .
7 : 30 For the children of Judah have done evil in my sight , saith the LORD : they have set their abominations in the house which is called by my name , to pollute it .
Jesus saith unto him , Feed my sheep .
33 : 29 And they went from Mithcah , and pitched in Hashmonah .
4 : 9 Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me : 4 : 10 For Demas hath forsaken me , having loved this present world , and is departed unto Thessalonica ; Crescens to Galatia , Titus unto Dalmatia .
You cannot mean that he has even proposed to her again -- yet .
5 : 13 Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time ; for it is an evil time .
7 : 10 And every meat offering , mingled with oil , and dry , shall all the sons of Aaron have , one as much as another .
Wallis can be uncivil and give a very rude answer , but we have never known any thing but the greatest attention from them .
How unlucky !
Weston was a native of Highbury , and born of a respectable family , which for the last two or three generations had been rising into gentility and property .
34 : 18 The feast of unleavened bread shalt thou keep .
Everybody is always supposing that I am not a good walker ; and yet they would not have been pleased , if we had refused to join them .
32 : 22 Thus the LORD saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria , and from the hand of all other , and guided them on every side .
" But it is never safe to sit out of doors , my dear ."
2 : 2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
23 : 40 And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees , branches of palm trees , and the boughs of thick trees , and willows of the brook ; and ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God seven days .
11 : 22 Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God : on them which fell , severity ; but toward thee , goodness , if thou continue in his goodness : otherwise thou also shalt be cut off .
21 : 9 And Moses made a serpent of brass , and put it upon a pole , and it came to pass , that if a serpent had bitten any man , when he beheld the serpent of brass , he lived .
46 : 19 After he brought me through the entry , which was at the side of the gate , into the holy chambers of the priests , which looked toward the north : and , behold , there was a place on the two sides westward .
9 : 32 But the wheat and the rie were not smitten : for they were not grown up .
Cole gave me a hint of it six weeks ago ."
hath he not sent me to the men that sit upon the wall , that they may eat their own dung , and drink their own piss with you ?
And the people did yet corruptly .
It is so much beyond any thing I deserve .
To do what would be most generally pleasing must be our object -- if one could but tell what that would be ."
10 : 16 And he took them up in his arms , put his hands upon them , and blessed them .
2 : 7 But shew kindness unto the sons of Barzillai the Gileadite , and let them be of those that eat at thy table : for so they came to me when I fled because of Absalom thy brother .
2 : 19 Nevertheless the foundation of God standeth sure , having this seal , The Lord knoweth them that are his .
5 : 24 Therefore as the fire devoureth the stubble , and the flame consumeth the chaff , so their root shall be as rottenness , and their blossom shall go up as dust : because they have cast away the law of the LORD of hosts , and despised the word of the Holy One of Israel .
She wished , however to see the Crofts , and was glad to be within when the visit was returned .
Bates ' s youngest daughter .
5 : 11 Behold , we count them happy which endure .
26 : 3 Then assembled together the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders of the people , unto the palace of the high priest , who was called Caiaphas , 26 : 4 And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty , and kill him .
9 : 40 And Abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and many were overthrown and wounded , even unto the entering of the gate .
5 : 12 Rejoice , and be exceeding glad : for great is your reward in heaven : for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you .
He that doeth good is of God : but he that doeth evil hath not seen God .
11 : 15 Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness ; whose end shall be according to their works .
2 : 14 And as he passed by , he saw Levi the son of Alphaeus sitting at the receipt of custom , and said unto him , Follow me .
Elton would have been too great a distinction .-- She never could have deserved him -- and nobody but so partial and kind a friend as Miss Woodhouse would have thought it possible .
20 : 3 But God came to Abimelech in a dream by night , and said to him , Behold , thou art but a dead man , for the woman which thou hast taken ; for she is a man ' s wife .
The acquaintance at present had no charm for her .
Before the middle of the day , they were visited by Sir John and Mrs .
Such expressions , assisted as they were by every thing that look and manner could do , made Emma feel that she had never loved Harriet so well , nor valued her affection so highly before . "
24 : 7 For the sons of Athaliah , that wicked woman , had broken up the house of God ; and also all the dedicated things of the house of the LORD did they bestow upon Baalim .
The event had every promise of happiness for her friend .
Nay , he appeared so much otherwise , that his daughter ' s courage failed .
In spite of the mischief of his attentions , she owed him gratitude and regard , perhaps compassion .
But I am not afraid of your seeing what he writes ."
12 : 4 And Ismaiah the Gibeonite , a mighty man among the thirty , and over the thirty ; and Jeremiah , and Jahaziel , and Johanan , and Josabad the Gederathite , 12 : 5 Eluzai , and Jerimoth , and Bealiah , and Shemariah , and Shephatiah the Haruphite , 12 : 6 Elkanah , and Jesiah , and Azareel , and Joezer , and Jashobeam , the Korhites , 12 : 7 And Joelah , and Zebadiah , the sons of Jeroham of Gedor .
16 : 1 In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came up against Judah , and built Ramah , to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to Asa king of Judah .
how long will ye love vanity , and seek after leasing ?
1 : 15 For perhaps he therefore departed for a season , that thou shouldest receive him for ever ; 1 : 16 Not now as a servant , but above a servant , a brother beloved , specially to me , but how much more unto thee , both in the flesh , and in the Lord ?
22 : 11 He that is unjust , let him be unjust still : and he which is filthy , let him be filthy still : and he that is righteous , let him be righteous still : and he that is holy , let him be holy still .
Unto him that loved us , and washed us from our sins in his own blood , 1 : 6 And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father ; to him be glory and dominion for ever and ever .
59 : 15 Yea , truth faileth ; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey : and the LORD saw it , and it displeased him that there was no judgment .
96 : 8 Give unto the LORD the glory due unto his name : bring an offering , and come into his courts .
9 : 3 And unto the children of Israel thou shalt speak , saying , Take ye a kid of the goats for a sin offering ; and a calf and a lamb , both of the first year , without blemish , for a burnt offering ; 9 : 4 Also a bullock and a ram for peace offerings , to sacrifice before the LORD ; and a meat offering mingled with oil : for to day the LORD will appear unto you .
2 : 9 So I was great , and increased more than all that were before me in Jerusalem : also my wisdom remained with me .
10 : 20 Then said he , Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee ?
Anne was caught .
10 : 22 And of the sons of Pashur ; Elioenai , Maaseiah , Ishmael , Nethaneel , Jozabad , and Elasah .
66 : 11 Thou broughtest us into the net ; thou laidst affliction upon our loins .
1 : 6 The wind goeth toward the south , and turneth about unto the north ; it whirleth about continually , and the wind returneth again according to his circuits .
run !
7 : 6 The sons of Benjamin ; Bela , and Becher , and Jediael , three .
2 : 52 And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature , and in favour with God and man .
11 : 19 And if I by Beelzebub cast out devils , by whom do your sons cast them out ?
Woodhouse having , as usual , tried to persuade his daughter to stay behind with all her children , was obliged to see the whole party set off , and return to his lamentations over the destiny of poor Isabella ;-- which poor Isabella , passing her life with those she doated on , full of their merits , blind to their faults , and always innocently busy , might have been a model of right feminine happiness .
14 : 17 And Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived after the death of Jehoash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen years .
The little City Mouse gnawed a hole in the bag and invited his friend to nibble for himself .
18 : 25 With the merciful thou wilt shew thyself merciful ; with an upright man thou wilt shew thyself upright ; 18 : 26 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure ; and with the froward thou wilt shew thyself froward .
My dear fellow ,' I should have said , ' consider what you are doing .
He got as near as he could to thanking her for Miss Taylor ' s merits , without seeming quite to forget that in the common course of things it was to be rather supposed that Miss Taylor had formed Miss Woodhouse ' s character , than Miss Woodhouse Miss Taylor ' s .
2 : 7 And the men pursued after them the way to Jordan unto the fords : and as soon as they which pursued after them were gone out , they shut the gate .
" No , ma ' am .
Weston ' s accounting for it with " I suppose they will not take the liberty with you ; they know you do not dine out ," was not quite sufficient .
51 : 44 And I will punish Bel in Babylon , and I will bring forth out of his mouth that which he hath swallowed up : and the nations shall not flow together any more unto him : yea , the wall of Babylon shall fall .
An admiral speaks his own consequence , and , at the same time , can never make a baronet look small .
31 : 5 As birds flying , so will the LORD of hosts defend Jerusalem ; defending also he will deliver it ; and passing over he will preserve it .
But through the crash and din came the voices of the Giant - Maidens , loudly chanting ,-- " We have turned the stone round ; Though weary the maidens , See what they have ground !"
33 : 17 Thine eyes shall see the king in his beauty : they shall behold the land that is very far off .
Arise therefore , and be doing , and the LORD be with thee .
And I protest , if I had any money to spare , I should buy a little land and build one myself , within a short distance of London , where I might drive myself down at any time , and collect a few friends about me , and be happy .
3 : 1 Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests , and they builded the sheep gate ; they sanctified it , and set up the doors of it ; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it , unto the tower of Hananeel .
9 : 19 Thou wilt say then unto me , Why doth he yet find fault ?
26 : 12 Among these were the divisions of the porters , even among the chief men , having wards one against another , to minister in the house of the LORD .
1 : 22 But withal prepare me also a lodging : for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you .
Not that Marianne appeared to distrust the truth of any part of it , for she listened to it all with the most steady and submissive attention , made neither objection nor remark , attempted no vindication of Willoughby , and seemed to shew by her tears that she felt it to be impossible .
43 : 1 And the famine was sore in the land .
Oh , come and see !"
32 : 7 I said , Days should speak , and multitude of years should teach wisdom .
Emma was a good deal surprized ; but begged her to speak .
The rest of the day , the following night , were hardly enough for her thoughts .-- She was bewildered amidst the confusion of all that had rushed on her within the last few hours .
45 : 1 My heart is inditing a good matter : I speak of the things which I have made touching the king : my tongue is the pen of a ready writer .
5 : 3 For this is the love of God , that we keep his commandments : and his commandments are not grievous .
9 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai , in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt , saying , 9 : 2 Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed season .
19 : 31 And if any man ask you , Why do ye loose him ?
19 : 13 He hath put my brethren far from me , and mine acquaintance are verily estranged from me .
Elton ; a most valuable , amiable , pleasing young man undoubtedly , and very much in love with Harriet ; but still , he cannot refuse an invitation , he must dine out wherever he is asked .
Such an immense plantation all round it !
24 : 2 For the king said to Joab the captain of the host , which was with him , Go now through all the tribes of Israel , from Dan even to Beersheba , and number ye the people , that I may know the number of the people .
Her pulse was much stronger , and every symptom more favourable than on the preceding visit .
12 : 12 For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night , and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt , both man and beast ; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment : I am the LORD .
let him pray .
6 : 2 But I have built an house of habitation for thee , and a place for thy dwelling for ever .
These were born to David in Hebron .
I have had my doubts , I confess ; but they are fainter than they were , and they may soon be entirely done away .
I agree with you exactly .
did not thy father eat and drink , and do judgment and justice , and then it was well with him ?
-- For some moments her voice was lost ; but recovering herself , she added , and with greater calmness than before --" I am now perfectly satisfied , I wish for no change .
33 : 5 For the LORD had said unto Moses , Say unto the children of Israel , Ye are a stiffnecked people : I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment , and consume thee : therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee , that I may know what to do unto thee .
She has a blister on one of her heels , as large as a three - shilling piece .
I do not ask whether you are musical , Mrs .
Mr and Mrs Musgrove cannot think it wrong while I remain with him ."
John Knightley had really a great regard for his father - in - law , and generally a strong sense of what was due to him ; but it was too often for Emma ' s charity , especially as there was all the pain of apprehension frequently to be endured , though the offence came not .
6 : 14 And the second day they compassed the city once , and returned into the camp : so they did six days .
This one was like a three - cornered platform of wood , with a long , curved , strong rake under it .
I have the greatest pleasure , my dear Emma , in forwarding to you the enclosed .
27 : 10 And if he have no brethren , then ye shall give his inheritance unto his father ' s brethren .
Their means were as different as their objects , and equally suited to the advancement of each .
Dear Harriet !-- I would not change you for the clearest - headed , longest - sighted , best - judging female breathing .
When she remembered this she held herself from sinking , and swayed here and there on the breeze , thinking ,-- thinking .
And the LORD said , Arise , anoint him : for this is he .
3 : 15 Brethren , I speak after the manner of men ; Though it be but a man ' s covenant , yet if it be confirmed , no man disannulleth , or addeth thereto .
The post - office has a great charm at one period of our lives .
" You are in luck .-- Your only blunder was confined to my ear , when you imagined a certain friend of ours in love with the lady ."
To the Great House accordingly they went , to sit the full half hour in the old - fashioned square parlour , with a small carpet and shining floor , to which the present daughters of the house were gradually giving the proper air of confusion by a grand piano - forte and a harp , flower - stands and little tables placed in every direction .
She must not flatter herself that he thought of her dancing , but if he were criticising her behaviour , she did not feel afraid .
7 : 25 But what went ye out for to see ?
The Book of Psalms 1 : 1 Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly , nor standeth in the way of sinners , nor sitteth in the seat of the scornful .
But , my dear , pray do not make any more matches ; they are silly things , and break up one ' s family circle grievously ."
98 : 1 O sing unto the LORD a new song ; for he hath done marvellous things : his right hand , and his holy arm , hath gotten him the victory .
Where shall we see a better daughter , or a kinder sister , or a truer friend ?
And Hezekiah answered , All the things that are in mine house have they seen : there is nothing among my treasures that I have not shewed them .
4 : 11 And the LORD said unto him , Who hath made man ' s mouth ?
And woman , lovely woman , reigns alone .
11 : 44 Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
20 : 6 And thou , Pashur , and all that dwell in thine house shall go into captivity : and thou shalt come to Babylon , and there thou shalt die , and shalt be buried there , thou , and all thy friends , to whom thou hast prophesied lies .
13 : 16 Then Paul stood up , and beckoning with his hand said , Men of Israel , and ye that fear God , give audience .
16 : 8 And Moses said unto Korah , Hear , I pray you , ye sons of Levi : 16 : 9 Seemeth it but a small thing unto you , that the God of Israel hath separated you from the congregation of Israel , to bring you near to himself to do the service of the tabernacle of the LORD , and to stand before the congregation to minister unto them ?
No , he could not believe it a bad house ; not such a house as a man was to be pitied for having .
EDWARD Ferrars ."
7 : 28 And their possessions and habitations were , Bethel and the towns thereof , and eastward Naaran , and westward Gezer , with the towns thereof ; Shechem also and the towns thereof , unto Gaza and the towns thereof : 7 : 29 And by the borders of the children of Manasseh , Bethshean and her towns , Taanach and her towns , Megiddo and her towns , Dor and her towns .
Emma knew what was coming ; they must have the letter over again , and settle how long he had been gone , and how much he was engaged in company , and what a favourite he was wherever he went , and how full the Master of the Ceremonies ' ball had been ; and she went through it very well , with all the interest and all the commendation that could be requisite , and always putting forward to prevent Harriet ' s being obliged to say a word .
Nay : but by the law of faith .
Go up , O Elam : besiege , O Media ; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease .
22 : 14 Then Ahimelech answered the king , and said , And who is so faithful among all thy servants as David , which is the king ' s son in law , and goeth at thy bidding , and is honourable in thine house ?
20 : 11 And it shall be , if it make thee answer of peace , and open unto thee , then it shall be , that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee , and they shall serve thee .
But not so easily did Elinor recover from the alarm into which it had thrown her .
37 : 9 And he heard say concerning Tirhakah king of Ethiopia , He is come forth to make war with thee .
64 : 1 Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens , that thou wouldest come down , that the mountains might flow down at thy presence , 64 : 2 As when the melting fire burneth , the fire causeth the waters to boil , to make thy name known to thine adversaries , that the nations may tremble at thy presence !
I wanted them to put off the wedding ."
Yes , we DO know it all .
She did not really like her .
He has seen a great deal of the world ; has been abroad , has read , and has a thinking mind .
I am not more alarmed about little Charles now than he is .
8 : 30 And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten : for he had many wives .
and who shall repay him what he hath done ?
Jennings laughed heartily ; and Elinor found that in her resolution to know where they had been , she had actually made her own woman enquire of Mr .
15 : 5 And he brought him forth abroad , and said , Look now toward heaven , and tell the stars , if thou be able to number them : and he said unto him , So shall thy seed be .
When the little City Mouse sat down to dinner he was surprised to find that the Country Mouse had nothing to eat except barley and grain . "
1 : 51 And it was told Solomon , saying , Behold , Adonijah feareth king Solomon : for , lo , he hath caught hold on the horns of the altar , saying , Let king Solomon swear unto me today that he will not slay his servant with the sword .
9 : 1 The burden of the word of the LORD in the land of Hadrach , and Damascus shall be the rest thereof : when the eyes of man , as of all the tribes of Israel , shall be toward the LORD .
Don ' t you , Mr .
Brown ' s -- smiles and blushes rising in importance -- with consciousness and agitation richly scattered -- the lady had been so easily impressed -- so sweetly disposed -- had in short , to use a most intelligible phrase , been so very ready to have him , that vanity and prudence were equally contented .
45 : 17 And it shall be the prince ' s part to give burnt offerings , and meat offerings , and drink offerings , in the feasts , and in the new moons , and in the sabbaths , in all solemnities of the house of Israel : he shall prepare the sin offering , and the meat offering , and the burnt offering , and the peace offerings , to make reconciliation for the house of Israel .
8 : 16 Now all the work of Solomon was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the house of the LORD , and until it was finished .
37 : 1 And it came to pass , when king Hezekiah heard it , that he rent his clothes , and covered himself with sackcloth , and went into the house of the LORD .
26 : 22 Having therefore obtained help of God , I continue unto this day , witnessing both to small and great , saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come : 26 : 23 That Christ should suffer , and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead , and should shew light unto the people , and to the Gentiles .
They shall go hindmost with their standards .
And again , I will be to him a Father , and he shall be to me a Son ?
7 : 11 And the LORD said unto Moses , They shall offer their offering , each prince on his day , for the dedicating of the altar .
They will have ten thousand pounds divided amongst them .
I knew not this , and therefore did I weep : That God would love a Worm I knew , and punish the evil foot That wilful bruis ' d its helpless form : but that he cherish ' d it With milk and oil I never knew , and therefore did I weep , And I complaind in the mild air , because I fade away .
24 : 19 Who ought to have been here before thee , and object , if they had ought against me .
She was very much affected by the view of his disposition towards her , which all these things made apparent .
47 : 5 And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph , saying , Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee : 47 : 6 The land of Egypt is before thee ; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell ; in the land of Goshen let them dwell : and if thou knowest any men of activity among them , then make them rulers over my cattle .
10 : 11 Thus shall ye say unto them , The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , even they shall perish from the earth , and from under these heavens .
Immediately the Crayfish was sent for . "
Not a step would he budge for all the coaxing and scolding and beating his rider could give .
how so ?
13 : 2 And it shall come to pass in that day , saith the LORD of hosts , that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land , and they shall no more be remembered : and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land .
Mr .
Elton could prefer , she should think the luckiest woman in the world ; for , beyond a doubt , Mr .
" That is true ," cried Marianne , in a cheerful voice , and walking to the window as she spoke , to examine the day . "
21 : 4 And they journeyed from mount Hor by the way of the Red sea , to compass the land of Edom : and the soul of the people was much discouraged because of the way .
Harriet Smith refuse Robert Martin ?
Pardon me -- but you will be limited as to number -- only three at once ."
Elinor , Elinor , they who suffer little may be proud and independent as they like -- may resist insult , or return mortification -- but I cannot .
This event , while it raised the spirits of Elinor , restored to those of her sister all , and more than all , their former agitation .
18 : 1 Then answered Bildad the Shuhite , and said , 18 : 2 How long will it be ere ye make an end of words ?
18 : 19 Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok , Let me now run , and bear the king tidings , how that the LORD hath avenged him of his enemies .
1 : 11 Pass ye away , thou inhabitant of Saphir , having thy shame naked : the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel ; he shall receive of you his standing .
16 : 16 And of thy garments thou didst take , and deckedst thy high places with divers colours , and playedst the harlot thereupon : the like things shall not come , neither shall it be so .
23 : 6 When Pilate heard of Galilee , he asked whether the man were a Galilaean .
2 : 12 I write unto you , little children , because your sins are forgiven you for his name ' s sake .
17 : 27 And the people answered him after this manner , saying , So shall it be done to the man that killeth him .
24 : 10 And the servant took ten camels of the camels of his master , and departed ; for all the goods of his master were in his hand : and he arose , and went to Mesopotamia , unto the city of Nahor .
I really never could think well of any body who proposed such a thing to any body else ."
" Indeed !"
Dashwood ; " these objections are nonsensical .
Martin had been there an hour before , and finding she was not at home , nor particularly expected , had left a little parcel for her from one of his sisters , and gone away ; and on opening this parcel , she had actually found , besides the two songs which she had lent Elizabeth to copy , a letter to herself ; and this letter was from him , from Mr .
The Musgroves , like their houses , were in a state of alteration , perhaps of improvement .
ONE person I was sure would represent me as capable of any thing -- What I felt was dreadful !-- My resolution was soon made , and at eight o ' clock this morning I was in my carriage .
1 : 9 So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh , and after they had drunk .
It will be felt so great an attention !
7 : 34 I have seen , I have seen the affliction of my people which is in Egypt , and I have heard their groaning , and am come down to deliver them .
14 : 4 Twelve years they served Chedorlaomer , and in the thirteenth year they rebelled .
49 : 22 Joseph is a fruitful bough , even a fruitful bough by a well ; whose branches run over the wall : 49 : 23 The archers have sorely grieved him , and shot at him , and hated him : 49 : 24 But his bow abode in strength , and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob ; ( from thence is the shepherd , the stone of Israel :) 49 : 25 Even by the God of thy father , who shall help thee ; and by the Almighty , who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above , blessings of the deep that lieth under , blessings of the breasts , and of the womb : 49 : 26 The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills : they shall be on the head of Joseph , and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren .
85 : 8 I will hear what God the LORD will speak : for he will speak peace unto his people , and to his saints : but let them not turn again to folly .
and talk deceitfully for him ?
I believe you did not hear me telling the others in the drawing - room that we are expecting Frank .
I am in no hurry .
I have not the least idea of his being a weak young man : I feel sure that he is not .
But remember that the pain of parting from friends will be felt by every body at times , whatever be their education or state .
66 : 23 And it shall come to pass , that from one new moon to another , and from one sabbath to another , shall all flesh come to worship before me , saith the LORD .
cried the little boy ; and the trundle - bed went trundling among the trees in the great wood , scaring up the squirrels and startling the little leaves on the trees .
38 : 11 My lovers and my friends stand aloof from my sore ; and my kinsmen stand afar off .
24 : 6 Wherefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Woe to the bloody city , to the pot whose scum is therein , and whose scum is not gone out of it !
The present crisis , indeed , seemed to be brought on by them ; and those misunderstandings might very possibly arise from the impropriety of his conduct ."
Have you heard from her yourself this morning ?"
16 : 47 Yet hast thou not walked after their ways , nor done after their abominations : but , as if that were a very little thing , thou wast corrupted more than they in all thy ways .
27 : 1 In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word unto Jeremiah from the LORD , saying , 27 : 2 Thus saith the LORD to me ; Make thee bonds and yokes , and put them upon thy neck , 27 : 3 And send them to the king of Edom , and to the king of Moab , and to the king of the Ammonites , and to the king of Tyrus , and to the king of Zidon , by the hand of the messengers which come to Jerusalem unto Zedekiah king of Judah ; 27 : 4 And command them to say unto their masters , Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Thus shall ye say unto your masters ; 27 : 5 I have made the earth , the man and the beast that are upon the ground , by my great power and by my outstretched arm , and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me .
12 : 20 Ye shall eat nothing leavened ; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread .
2 : 19 And they shall go into the holes of the rocks , and into the caves of the earth , for fear of the LORD , and for the glory of his majesty , when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth .
Elton is going ; dear Mrs .
9 : 27 And the king made silver in Jerusalem as stones , and cedar trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the low plains in abundance .
and not to be set on a candlestick ?
20 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 20 : 2 Again , thou shalt say to the children of Israel , Whosoever he be of the children of Israel , or of the strangers that sojourn in Israel , that giveth any of his seed unto Molech ; he shall surely be put to death : the people of the land shall stone him with stones .
for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter , but within they are full of extortion and excess .
who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings ?
64 : 1 Hear my voice , O God , in my prayer : preserve my life from fear of the enemy .
-- " Yes .
6 : 23 And he sware unto her , Whatsoever thou shalt ask of me , I will give it thee , unto the half of my kingdom .
14 : 16 Then said he unto him , A certain man made a great supper , and bade many : 14 : 17 And sent his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden , Come ; for all things are now ready .
for he would recover him of his leprosy .
They had music ; Emma was obliged to play ; and the thanks and praise which necessarily followed appeared to her an affectation of candour , an air of greatness , meaning only to shew off in higher style her own very superior performance .
28 : 36 The LORD shall bring thee , and thy king which thou shalt set over thee , unto a nation which neither thou nor thy fathers have known ; and there shalt thou serve other gods , wood and stone .
Colonel Wallis had been so impatient to be introduced to them !
ON ANOTHER ' S SORROW Can I see another ' s woe , And not be in sorrow too ?
3 : 2 I will rise now , and go about the city in the streets , and in the broad ways I will seek him whom my soul loveth : I sought him , but I found him not .
61 : 4 And they shall build the old wastes , they shall raise up the former desolations , and they shall repair the waste cities , the desolations of many generations .
Yea , they have chosen their own ways , and their soul delighteth in their abominations .
He thinks Mrs Clay afraid of him , aware that he sees through her , and not daring to proceed as she might do in his absence .
5 : 10 And he shall offer the second for a burnt offering , according to the manner : and the priest shall make an atonement for him for his sin which he hath sinned , and it shall be forgiven him .
4 : 18 But it is good to be zealously affected always in a good thing , and not only when I am present with you .
2 : 20 And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh : and the captain of the children of Manasseh shall be Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur .
76 : 8 Thou didst cause judgment to be heard from heaven ; the earth feared , and was still , 76 : 9 When God arose to judgment , to save all the meek of the earth .
How good poor Piccola must have been !"
18 : 19 Hearken now unto my voice , I will give thee counsel , and God shall be with thee : Be thou for the people to God - ward , that thou mayest bring the causes unto God : 18 : 20 And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws , and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk , and the work that they must do .
17 : 8 And the word of the LORD came unto him , saying , 17 : 9 Arise , get thee to Zarephath , which belongeth to Zidon , and dwell there : behold , I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee .
6 : 36 Be ye therefore merciful , as your Father also is merciful .
And David built round about from Millo and inward .
6 : 25 Woe unto you that are full !
As to her illness , all nothing of course .
And Jesus said unto her , Neither do I condemn thee : go , and sin no more .
Going in dismal weather , to return probably in worse ;-- four horses and four servants taken out for nothing but to convey five idle , shivering creatures into colder rooms and worse company than they might have had at home ."
24 : 19 Yet he sent prophets to them , to bring them again unto the LORD ; and they testified against them : but they would not give ear .
It was badly done , indeed !
It grieved her to see the earnestness with which he often watched Marianne , and his spirits were certainly worse than when at Barton .
is not Hamath as Arpad ?
Miss Woodhouse , I hope nothing may happen to prevent the ball .
With the prospect of spending at least two months at Uppercross , it was highly incumbent on her to clothe her imagination , her memory , and all her ideas in as much of Uppercross as possible .
Palmer excessively . "
It had been my doing , solely mine .
" Thank you .
11 : 10 And Joshua at that time turned back , and took Hazor , and smote the king thereof with the sword : for Hazor beforetime was the head of all those kingdoms .
7 : 7 Wherefore they arose and fled in the twilight , and left their tents , and their horses , and their asses , even the camp as it was , and fled for their life .
One was old , and the other of middle age .
14 : 1 Him that is weak in the faith receive ye , but not to doubtful disputations .
Gilbert does not mean to dance , but there is a young lady disengaged whom I should be very glad to see dancing -- Miss Smith ."
5 : 3 So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron ; and king David made a league with them in Hebron before the LORD : and they anointed David king over Israel .
Only let me be told when I may speak out .-- I wonder whether Jane has any suspicion ."
But Mrs .
1 : 6 Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God , which is in thee by the putting on of my hands .
Smallridge , too !
7 : 6 Whereas I have not dwelt in any house since the time that I brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt , even to this day , but have walked in a tent and in a tabernacle .
3 : 13 But exhort one another daily , while it is called To day ; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin .
29 : 10 Ye stand this day all of you before the LORD your God ; your captains of your tribes , your elders , and your officers , with all the men of Israel , 29 : 11 Your little ones , your wives , and thy stranger that is in thy camp , from the hewer of thy wood unto the drawer of thy water : 29 : 12 That thou shouldest enter into covenant with the LORD thy God , and into his oath , which the LORD thy God maketh with thee this day : 29 : 13 That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself , and that he may be unto thee a God , as he hath said unto thee , and as he hath sworn unto thy fathers , to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob .
89 : 15 Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound : they shall walk , O LORD , in the light of thy countenance .
Jennings for two or three days ; she was a great wonderer , as every one must be who takes a very lively interest in all the comings and goings of all their acquaintance .
10 : 43 But so shall it not be among you : but whosoever will be great among you , shall be your minister : 10 : 44 And whosoever of you will be the chiefest , shall be servant of all .
What felicity it is to hear a tune again which _has_ made one happy !-- If I mistake not that was danced at Weymouth ."
Poor Miss Bates may very likely have committed her niece and hurried her into a greater appearance of intimacy than her own good sense would have dictated , in spite of the very natural wish of a little change ."
22 : 7 Thou hast not given water to the weary to drink , and thou hast withholden bread from the hungry .
8 : 10 And so I saw the wicked buried , who had come and gone from the place of the holy , and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done : this is also vanity .
13 : 20 Neither did Jeroboam recover strength again in the days of Abijah : and the LORD struck him , and he died .
32 : 14 Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed , that could deliver his people out of mine hand , that your God should be able to deliver you out of mine hand ?
28 : 23 Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering in the morning , which is for a continual burnt offering .
it contemneth the rod of my son , as every tree .
6 : 14 And while they were yet talking with him , came the king ' s chamberlains , and hasted to bring Haman unto the banquet that Esther had prepared .
It was her own choice to give the time of their absence to Highbury ; to spend , perhaps , her last months of perfect liberty with those kind relations to whom she was so very dear : and the Campbells , whatever might be their motive or motives , whether single , or double , or treble , gave the arrangement their ready sanction , and said , that they depended more on a few months spent in her native air , for the recovery of her health , than on any thing else .
3 : 4 Then an herald cried aloud , To you it is commanded , O people , nations , and languages , 3 : 5 That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet , flute , harp , sackbut , psaltery , dulcimer , and all kinds of musick , ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up : 3 : 6 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace .
4 : 11 And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir , which was the father of Eshton .
41 : 1 And it came to pass at the end of two full years , that Pharaoh dreamed : and , behold , he stood by the river .
Mr .
She hoped they might now become friends again .
But they took the head of Ishbosheth , and buried it in the sepulchre of Abner in Hebron .
You have been here only to be useful .
2 : 13 The breaker is come up before them : they have broken up , and have passed through the gate , and are gone out by it : and their king shall pass before them , and the LORD on the head of them .
9 : 16 And the number of the army of the horsemen were two hundred thousand thousand : and I heard the number of them .
35 : 22 But if he thrust him suddenly without enmity , or have cast upon him any thing without laying of wait , 35 : 23 Or with any stone , wherewith a man may die , seeing him not , and cast it upon him , that he die , and was not his enemy , neither sought his harm : 35 : 24 Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the revenger of blood according to these judgments : 35 : 25 And the congregation shall deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood , and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge , whither he was fled : and he shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest , which was anointed with the holy oil .
39 : 21 And they did bind the breastplate by his rings unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue , that it might be above the curious girdle of the ephod , and that the breastplate might not be loosed from the ephod ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
" Did he come from your uncle ' s , then , when he visited us ?"
I wish you could persuade Mary not to be always fancying herself ill ," was Charles ' s language ; and , in an unhappy mood , thus spoke Mary : " I do believe if Charles were to see me dying , he would not think there was anything the matter with me .
Oh !
9 : 11 If we have sown unto you spiritual things , is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things ?
15 : 11 Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the rock Etam , and said to Samson , Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers over us ?
Continual engagements at home and abroad , however , supplied all the deficiencies of nature and education ; supported the good spirits of Sir John , and gave exercise to the good breeding of his wife .
19 : 11 And she had strong rods for the sceptres of them that bare rule , and her stature was exalted among the thick branches , and she appeared in her height with the multitude of her branches .
" Mr .
You must take care of yourself , Mrs .
My dear Harriet , what are you thinking of ?
And Mrs .
10 : 15 As the Father knoweth me , even so know I the Father : and I lay down my life for the sheep .
35 : 33 So ye shall not pollute the land wherein ye are : for blood it defileth the land : and the land cannot be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein , but by the blood of him that shed it .
said Margery , carefully . "
69 : 16 Hear me , O LORD ; for thy lovingkindness is good : turn unto me according to the multitude of thy tender mercies .
16 : 4 The LORD hath made all things for himself : yea , even the wicked for the day of evil .
She had hardly been able to speak a word , and every look and action had shewn how deeply she was suffering from consciousness .
22 : 59 And about the space of one hour after another confidently affirmed , saying , Of a truth this fellow also was with him : for he is a Galilaean .
Very long has it possessed a charm over my fancy ; and , if I dared , I would breathe my wishes that the name might never change ."
39 : 10 Canst thou bind the unicorn with his band in the furrow ?
Anne said what was proper , and enquired after her husband . "
See what the good saint brought !"
105 : 2 Sing unto him , sing psalms unto him : talk ye of all his wondrous works .
Pity for him was all over .
7 : 35 The children of Harim , three hundred and twenty .
17 : 1 Then said he unto the disciples , It is impossible but that offences will come : but woe unto him , through whom they come !
26 : 34 Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths , as long as it lieth desolate , and ye be in your enemies ' land ; even then shall the land rest , and enjoy her sabbaths .
8 : 3 And Aaron did so ; he lighted the lamps thereof over against the candlestick , as the LORD commanded Moses .
8 : 5 And the angel took the censer , and filled it with fire of the altar , and cast it into the earth : and there were voices , and thunderings , and lightnings , and an earthquake .
24 : 1 And again the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel , and he moved David against them to say , Go , number Israel and Judah .
5 : 9 And it was so , that , after they had carried it about , the hand of the LORD was against the city with a very great destruction : and he smote the men of the city , both small and great , and they had emerods in their secret parts .
6 : 19 And Elisha said unto them , This is not the way , neither is this the city : follow me , and I will bring you to the man whom ye seek .
Would they only have laughed at her about the Doctor !
Jennings was governed in it by an impulse of the utmost goodwill .
34 : 16 And Shaphan carried the book to the king , and brought the king word back again , saying , All that was committed to thy servants , they do it .
3 : 12 For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous , and his ears are open unto their prayers : but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil .
I have not seen him since seven o ' clock .
9 : 18 O my God , incline thine ear , and hear ; open thine eyes , and behold our desolations , and the city which is called by thy name : for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnesses , but for thy great mercies .
" You are very good , I hope it won ' t hurt your eyes -- will you ring the bell for some working candles ?
" Certainly -- and I think I may afford to give them five hundred pounds a - piece .
30 : 6 The burden of the beasts of the south : into the land of trouble and anguish , from whence come the young and old lion , the viper and fiery flying serpent , they will carry their riches upon the shoulders of young asses , and their treasures upon the bunches of camels , to a people that shall not profit them .
Frank Churchill returned to his station by Emma ; and as soon as Miss Bates was quiet , she found herself necessarily overhearing the discourse of Mrs .
Then he took the cord to the other end of the garden and pulled it tight , tied it to another stake , and drove that down .
26 : 11 The LORD forbid that I should stretch forth mine hand against the LORD ' s anointed : but , I pray thee , take thou now the spear that is at his bolster , and the cruse of water , and let us go .
5 : 21 And the scribes and the Pharisees began to reason , saying , Who is this which speaketh blasphemies ?
Elton ' s engagement had been the cure of the agitation of meeting Mr .
He said , I know not .
8 : 10 And it waxed great , even to the host of heaven ; and it cast down some of the host and of the stars to the ground , and stamped upon them .
12 : 4 For as we have many members in one body , and all members have not the same office : 12 : 5 So we , being many , are one body in Christ , and every one members one of another .
Elinor assured him that she did ;-- that she forgave , pitied , wished him well -- was even interested in his happiness -- and added some gentle counsel as to the behaviour most likely to promote it .
31 : 11 And the angel of God spake unto me in a dream , saying , Jacob : And I said , Here am I .
I have heard her every year of our lives since we both began .
Woodhouse .
And Joseph went out from the presence of Pharaoh , and went throughout all the land of Egypt .
But I always thought I SHOULD .
23 : 1 Then Job answered and said , 23 : 2 Even to day is my complaint bitter : my stroke is heavier than my groaning .
I had quite depended upon meeting you there .
28 : 18 The Philistines also had invaded the cities of the low country , and of the south of Judah , and had taken Bethshemesh , and Ajalon , and Gederoth , and Shocho with the villages thereof , and Timnah with the villages thereof , Gimzo also and the villages thereof : and they dwelt there .
I must confess it is a recommendation to me .
Once , too , he spoke to her .
14 : 65 And some began to spit on him , and to cover his face , and to buffet him , and to say unto him , Prophesy : and the servants did strike him with the palms of their hands .
18 : 15 And Simon Peter followed Jesus , and so did another disciple : that disciple was known unto the high priest , and went in with Jesus into the palace of the high priest .
or the son of man , that thou makest account of him !
18 : 5 Then the word of the LORD came to me , saying , 18 : 6 O house of Israel , cannot I do with you as this potter ?
32 : 16 Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness , and righteousness remain in the fruitful field .
9 : 50 Then went Abimelech to Thebez , and encamped against Thebez , and took it .
Margery thought , of course , all the flowers would be put in as the vegetables were ; but she found that it was not so .
The Tiger sprang , but the Brahmin spoke very quickly ,-- " Oh , but this is only the second , Brother Tiger ; you promised to ask five ."
9 : 32 Now therefore , our God , the great , the mighty , and the terrible God , who keepest covenant and mercy , let not all the trouble seem little before thee , that hath come upon us , on our kings , on our princes , and on our priests , and on our prophets , and on our fathers , and on all thy people , since the time of the kings of Assyria unto this day .
Sophy must write , and beg him to come to Bath .
" I do not believe any such thing ," replied Emma .--" I am persuaded that you can be as insincere as your neighbours , when it is necessary ; but there is no reason to suppose the instrument is indifferent .
46 : 13 And the sons of Issachar ; Tola , and Phuvah , and Job , and Shimron .
O LORD , behold my affliction : for the enemy hath magnified himself .
39 : 12 Hear my prayer , O LORD , and give ear unto my cry ; hold not thy peace at my tears : for I am a stranger with thee , and a sojourner , as all my fathers were .
8 : 10 Yea , though they have hired among the nations , now will I gather them , and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes .
I shall , therefore , set off to - morrow .'
and Mrs .
11 : 5 And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower , which the children of men builded .
It must have been about the same time that he became known to my father and sister .
Wolf !"
65 : 6 Behold , it is written before me : I will not keep silence , but will recompense , even recompense into their bosom , 65 : 7 Your iniquities , and the iniquities of your fathers together , saith the LORD , which have burned incense upon the mountains , and blasphemed me upon the hills : therefore will I measure their former work into their bosom .
Weston was to call in the evening , and she must return it by him . "
But wisdom is justified of her children .
The child had a good night , and was going on well the next day .
4 : 4 Come to Bethel , and transgress ; at Gilgal multiply transgression ; and bring your sacrifices every morning , and your tithes after three years : 4 : 5 And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven , and proclaim and publish the free offerings : for this liketh you , O ye children of Israel , saith the Lord GOD .
3 : 9 Let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark ; let it look for light , but have none ; neither let it see the dawning of the day : 3 : 10 Because it shut not up the doors of my mother ' s womb , nor hid sorrow from mine eyes .
5 : 16 Therefore the LORD , the God of hosts , the LORD , saith thus ; Wailing shall be in all streets ; and they shall say in all the highways , Alas !
if a man have an hundred sheep , and one of them be gone astray , doth he not leave the ninety and nine , and goeth into the mountains , and seeketh that which is gone astray ?
30 : 7 And Bilhah Rachel ' s maid conceived again , and bare Jacob a second son .
1 : 41 And Jesus , moved with compassion , put forth his hand , and touched him , and saith unto him , I will ; be thou clean .
But you see , every thing turns out for the best .
Then I knew that this was the word of the LORD .
4 : 7 Therefore thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of Jerusalem , and thine arm shall be uncovered , and thou shalt prophesy against it .
" We hope she is ."
12 : 4 So Abram departed , as the LORD had spoken unto him ; and Lot went with him : and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran .
20 : 21 And he said unto her , What wilt thou ?
We were always glad to see him at Hartfield ."
1 : 24 Because I have called , and ye refused ; I have stretched out my hand , and no man regarded ; 1 : 25 But ye have set at nought all my counsel , and would none of my reproof : 1 : 26 I also will laugh at your calamity ; I will mock when your fear cometh ; 1 : 27 When your fear cometh as desolation , and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind ; when distress and anguish cometh upon you .
20 : 27 And the children of Israel were numbered , and were all present , and went against them : and the children of Israel pitched before them like two little flocks of kids ; but the Syrians filled the country .
How nicely you talk ; I love to hear you .
12 : 29 When the LORD thy God shall cut off the nations from before thee , whither thou goest to possess them , and thou succeedest them , and dwellest in their land ; 12 : 30 Take heed to thyself that thou be not snared by following them , after that they be destroyed from before thee ; and that thou enquire not after their gods , saying , How did these nations serve their gods ?
As I live , saith the Lord GOD , I will not be enquired of by you .
And there was very great gladness .
13 : 5 Let your conversation be without covetousness ; and be content with such things as ye have : for he hath said , I will never leave thee , nor forsake thee .
And standing on the altar high , " Lo , what a fiend is here !
Mary ' s declaration was , " I hate sending the children to the Great House , though their grandmamma is always wanting to see them , for she humours and indulges them to such a degree , and gives them so much trash and sweet things , that they are sure to come back sick and cross for the rest of the day ."
25 : 11 When men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him , and putteth forth her hand , and taketh him by the secrets : 25 : 12 Then thou shalt cut off her hand , thine eye shall not pity her .
136 : 1 O give thanks unto the LORD ; for he is good : for his mercy endureth for ever .
" Many , many circumstances ," said Elinor , solemnly . "
33 : 42 And they departed from Zalmonah , and pitched in Punon .
behold , the prophets say unto them , Ye shall not see the sword , neither shall ye have famine ; but I will give you assured peace in this place .
Should the result of her observations be unfavourable , she was determined at all events to open the eyes of her sister ; should it be otherwise , her exertions would be of a different nature -- she must then learn to avoid every selfish comparison , and banish every regret which might lessen her satisfaction in the happiness of Marianne .
26 : 21 And when Jehoiakim the king , with all his mighty men , and all the princes , heard his words , the king sought to put him to death : but when Urijah heard it , he was afraid , and fled , and went into Egypt ; 26 : 22 And Jehoiakim the king sent men into Egypt , namely , Elnathan the son of Achbor , and certain men with him into Egypt .
12 : 11 Is there iniquity in Gilead ?
10 : 22 And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar , their appearances and themselves : they went every one straight forward .
6 : 10 And he said unto them , In what place soever ye enter into an house , there abide till ye depart from that place .
6 : 17 And these be the names of the sons of Gershom ; Libni , and Shimei .
Weston understood these joyous prospects .
Towards this home , she began on the approach of January to turn her thoughts , and thither she one day abruptly , and very unexpectedly by them , asked the elder Misses Dashwood to accompany her .
1 : 15 And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king ' s meat .
Their engagements at Exeter instantly gave way before such an invitation , and Lady Middleton was thrown into no little alarm on the return of Sir John , by hearing that she was very soon to receive a visit from two girls whom she had never seen in her life , and of whose elegance ,-- whose tolerable gentility even , she could have no proof ; for the assurances of her husband and mother on that subject went for nothing at all .
23 : 9 Moreover Jehoiada the priest delivered to the captains of hundreds spears , and bucklers , and shields , that had been king David ' s , which were in the house of God .
who is offended , and I burn not ?
2 : 4 And his sister stood afar off , to wit what would be done to him .
32 : 18 We will not return unto our houses , until the children of Israel have inherited every man his inheritance .
The misfortune of your birth ought to make you particularly careful as to your associates .
2 : 14 But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God : for they are foolishness unto him : neither can he know them , because they are spiritually discerned .
The Frogs in a certain swamp decided that they needed a king ; they had always got along perfectly well without one , but they suddenly made up their minds that a king they must have .
31 : 27 She looketh well to the ways of her household , and eateth not the bread of idleness .
But Emma still shook her head in steady scepticism . "
THIS morning I had fully intended to call on you , if I could possibly find a spare half hour , but one has always so much to do on first coming to town .
was scarcely less warm than hers ; and whose mind -- Oh !
40 : 19 He is the chief of the ways of God : he that made him can make his sword to approach unto him .
22 : 39 And the second is like unto it , Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself .
True , upon my honour !
And the thing pleased Haman ; and he caused the gallows to be made .
3 : 18 But if not , be it known unto thee , O king , that we will not serve thy gods , nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up .
18 : 2 And he cried mightily with a strong voice , saying , Babylon the great is fallen , is fallen , and is become the habitation of devils , and the hold of every foul spirit , and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird .
47 : 3 He shall subdue the people under us , and the nations under our feet .
7 : 17 If any man will do his will , he shall know of the doctrine , whether it be of God , or whether I speak of myself .
3 : 21 To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne , even as I also overcame , and am set down with my Father in his throne .
37 : 17 And the man said , They are departed hence ; for I heard them say , Let us go to Dothan .
My brother and sister have promised us a visit in the spring , or summer at farthest ," continued Mrs .
15 : 20 And he arose , and came to his father .
It was pretty to watch ; it made Margery think of a photograph her teacher had , a photograph of a famous picture called " The Sower ."
My mother taught me underneath a tree , And , sitting down before the heat of day , She took me on her lap and kissed me , And , pointed to the east , began to say : " Look on the rising sun : there God does live , And gives His light , and gives His heat away , And flowers and trees and beasts and men receive Comfort in morning , joy in the noonday . "
5 : 14 And they that fed the swine fled , and told it in the city , and in the country .
21 : 19 God layeth up his iniquity for his children : he rewardeth him , and he shall know it .
From the window he watches me and thinks , " There is the little blackberry - bush that was so kind to me .
13 : 3 For rulers are not a terror to good works , but to the evil .
" How often , when you were a girl , have you said to me , with one of your saucy looks --` Mr .
20 : 33 And all the men of Israel rose up out of their place , and put themselves in array at Baaltamar : and the liers in wait of Israel came forth out of their places , even out of the meadows of Gibeah .
11 : 14 And it came to pass in the morning , that David wrote a letter to Joab , and sent it by the hand of Uriah .
Knightley , he set off , with all the grateful blessings that she could utter for her friend and herself .
119 : 158 I beheld the transgressors , and was grieved ; because they kept not thy word .
3 : 14 And Elisha said , As the LORD of hosts liveth , before whom I stand , surely , were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah , I would not look toward thee , nor see thee .
19 : 12 But she was plucked up in fury , she was cast down to the ground , and the east wind dried up her fruit : her strong rods were broken and withered ; the fire consumed them .
36 : 7 But if thou say to me , We trust in the LORD our God : is it not he , whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away , and said to Judah and to Jerusalem , Ye shall worship before this altar ?
119 : 132 Look thou upon me , and be merciful unto me , as thou usest to do unto those that love thy name .
5 : 10 Nevertheless Haman refrained himself : and when he came home , he sent and called for his friends , and Zeresh his wife .
Marianne had already sent to say , that she should eat nothing more .
19 : 14 But his citizens hated him , and sent a message after him , saying , We will not have this man to reign over us .
It was very wrong of me , you know , to keep any remembrances , after he was married .
19 : 3 Thou shalt prepare thee a way , and divide the coasts of thy land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee to inherit , into three parts , that every slayer may flee thither .
And when he had said this , he fell asleep .
And she did not feel much delighted with the idea of such a sister - in - law . "
The lion and the people of Dublin went on , and pursued the tailor , until they came to the place where the fox was , and the fox greeted them , and said , " The tailor and his wife were here this morning , and if you will loose me , I am swifter than you , and I will follow them , and overtake them ."
13 : 6 Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread , and in the seventh day shall be a feast to the LORD .
6 : 21 And the king of Israel said unto Elisha , when he saw them , My father , shall I smite them ?
12 : 7 Thou shalt keep them , O LORD , thou shalt preserve them from this generation for ever .
It would have killed me never to come to Hartfield any more !"
9 : 18 But he knoweth not that the dead are there ; and that her guests are in the depths of hell .
7 : 10 Moreover the LORD spake again unto Ahaz , saying , 7 : 11 Ask thee a sign of the LORD thy God ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
8 : 14 And that which fell among thorns are they , which , when they have heard , go forth , and are choked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life , and bring no fruit to perfection .
4 : 29 And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much , and largeness of heart , even as the sand that is on the sea shore .
4 : 14 And he said , What then is to be done for her ?
Upon her speaking her wonder aloud on that part of the subject , before the few who knew her opinion of Mrs .
16 : 23 And the counsel of Ahithophel , which he counselled in those days , was as if a man had enquired at the oracle of God : so was all the counsel of Ahithophel both with David and with Absalom .
If in the supposition of his seeking to marry herself , his difficulties from his mother had seemed great , how much greater were they now likely to be , when the object of his engagement was undoubtedly inferior in connections , and probably inferior in fortune to herself .
1 : 5 And there went out unto him all the land of Judaea , and they of Jerusalem , and were all baptized of him in the river of Jordan , confessing their sins .
Tell me how Miss Fairfax is ."
26 : 37 And they shall fall one upon another , as it were before a sword , when none pursueth : and ye shall have no power to stand before your enemies .
" Certainly , if you wish it ;-- but you are not going to walk to Highbury alone ?"
" I suspect they do not satisfy Mrs .
He was soon pretty well resigned . "
" Certainly , he is not like Mr .
13 : 1 There were present at that season some that told him of the Galilaeans , whose blood Pilate had mingled with their sacrifices .
11 : 21 And Rehoboam loved Maachah the daughter of Absalom above all his wives and his concubines : ( for he took eighteen wives , and threescore concubines ; and begat twenty and eight sons , and threescore daughters .)
I wish he could have such company oftener .
12 : 18 And it came to pass on the seventh day , that the child died .
50 : 13 Will I eat the flesh of bulls , or drink the blood of goats ?
she is gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree , and there hath played the harlot .
" How funny !"
33 : 1 Manasseh was twelve years old when he began to reign , and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem : 33 : 2 But did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD , like unto the abominations of the heathen , whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel .
48 : 38 There shall be lamentation generally upon all the housetops of Moab , and in the streets thereof : for I have broken Moab like a vessel wherein is no pleasure , saith the LORD .
116 : 19 In the courts of the LORD ' s house , in the midst of thee , O Jerusalem .
30 : 4 And she gave him Bilhah her handmaid to wife : and Jacob went in unto her .
16 : 17 And the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air ; and there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven , from the throne , saying , It is done .
His aunt could not bear to have him leave her .
When the mowers saw how fine he looked , they ran after him , calling out , " Wait a bit !
32 : 31 Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon , who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land , God left him , to try him , that he might know all that was in his heart .
And they said , Of Haran are we .
18 : 17 And Moses ' father in law said unto him , The thing that thou doest is not good .
Mrs Croft was taking leave . "
even the great abominations that the house of Israel committeth here , that I should go far off from my sanctuary ?
He would then have suffered under the pecuniary distresses which , because they are removed , he now reckons as nothing .
" Will you give me the Emperor ' s gold crown for a song ?"
19 : 40 And the seventh lot came out for the tribe of the children of Dan according to their families .
she cried , And mother and father must peep inside .
" Yes , sir , I did indeed ; and I am very much obliged by your kind solicitude about me ."
3 : 10 In that day , saith the LORD of hosts , shall ye call every man his neighbour under the vine and under the fig tree .
13 : 14 But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation , spoken of by Daniel the prophet , standing where it ought not , ( let him that readeth understand ,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains : 13 : 15 And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house , neither enter therein , to take any thing out of his house : 13 : 16 And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment .
Her affection for me deserved better treatment , and I often , with great self - reproach , recall the tenderness which , for a very short time , had the power of creating any return .
I praised the fair lady too , and altogether sent him away very happy .
" There , papa !-- Now you must be satisfied -- Our own dear Mrs .
Frank Churchill too !-- Quite delightful ; so many friends !"
All these jealousies and discontents , however , were so totally unsuspected by Mrs .
114 : 7 Tremble , thou earth , at the presence of the Lord , at the presence of the God of Jacob ; 114 : 8 Which turned the rock into a standing water , the flint into a fountain of waters .
14 : 1 At that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam fell sick .
28 : 2 Iron is taken out of the earth , and brass is molten out of the stone .
There were but few who could be so classed ; and it was not all of them that were attainable .
17 : 12 Woe to the multitude of many people , which make a noise like the noise of the seas ; and to the rushing of nations , that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters !
7 : 19 He will turn again , he will have compassion upon us ; he will subdue our iniquities ; and thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea .
There is so pointed , and so particular a meaning in this compliment ," said she , " that I cannot have a doubt as to Mr .
21 : 13 And if a man lie not in wait , but God deliver him into his hand ; then I will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee .
You forget how much she belongs to Highbury .
He re - urged -- she re - declined ; and he seemed then about to make his bow , when taking the paper from the table , she returned it -- " Oh !
51 : 16 For thou desirest not sacrifice ; else would I give it : thou delightest not in burnt offering .
What had really passed between them was to this effect . "
2 : 10 For we have heard how the LORD dried up the water of the Red sea for you , when ye came out of Egypt ; and what ye did unto the two kings of the Amorites , that were on the other side Jordan , Sihon and Og , whom ye utterly destroyed .
This is always the way with him !
Be not highminded , but fear : 11 : 21 For if God spared not the natural branches , take heed lest he also spare not thee .
Mr .
1 : 2 And the Lord gave Jehoiakim king of Judah into his hand , with part of the vessels of the house of God : which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his god ; and he brought the vessels into the treasure house of his god .
She looked up at him for a moment , coloured deeply , and played something else .
It had been in situation .
22 : 46 And the remnant of the sodomites , which remained in the days of his father Asa , he took out of the land .
But while they fought in one place new armies of crickets marched down the mountain - sides and attacked the fields in other places .
44 : 13 The carpenter stretcheth out his rule ; he marketh it out with a line ; he fitteth it with planes , and he marketh it out with the compass , and maketh it after the figure of a man , according to the beauty of a man ; that it may remain in the house .
What will he be doing , in fact , but what very many of our first families have done , or ought to do ?
27 : 13 Take his garment that is surety for a stranger , and take a pledge of him for a strange woman .
How does Charlotte do ?
Weston presently , " what became of Mr .
37 : 15 And Hezekiah prayed unto the LORD , saying , 37 : 16 O LORD of hosts , God of Israel , that dwellest between the cherubims , thou art the God , even thou alone , of all the kingdoms of the earth : thou hast made heaven and earth .
23 : 4 If thou meet thine enemy ' s ox or his ass going astray , thou shalt surely bring it back to him again .
he said .
28 : 18 Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitude of thine iniquities , by the iniquity of thy traffick ; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee , it shall devour thee , and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee .
17 : 12 And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings , which have received no kingdom as yet ; but receive power as kings one hour with the beast .
The little boy could never get enough ; so for this he was called " Little Jack Rollaround ."
15 : 27 And if any soul sin through ignorance , then he shall bring a she goat of the first year for a sin offering .
16 : 9 Then said Abishai the son of Zeruiah unto the king , Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king ?
32 : 20 And he took the calf which they had made , and burnt it in the fire , and ground it to powder , and strawed it upon the water , and made the children of Israel drink of it .
36 : 22 One board had two tenons , equally distant one from another : thus did he make for all the boards of the tabernacle .
I have a very strong notion that it comes from him .
21 : 26 And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it .
" Yes -- no -- never absolutely .
8 : 4 Thy raiment waxed not old upon thee , neither did thy foot swell , these forty years .
2 : 27 And there came a man of God unto Eli , and said unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Did I plainly appear unto the house of thy father , when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh ' s house ?
3 : 7 Lo , let that night be solitary , let no joyful voice come therein .
Depend upon it , he will be much farther from doing _you_ justice .
9 : 34 And when he was come in , he did eat and drink , and said , Go , see now this cursed woman , and bury her : for she is a king ' s daughter .
A larger society would improve them .
46 : 4 Harness the horses ; and get up , ye horsemen , and stand forth with your helmets ; furbish the spears , and put on the brigandines .
" Thank you .
24 : 21 And Araunah said , Wherefore is my lord the king come to his servant ?
This is also vanity .
109 : 8 Let his days be few ; and let another take his office .
Frank Churchill done , to make you suppose him such an unnatural creature ?"
That the Gentiles , which followed not after righteousness , have attained to righteousness , even the righteousness which is of faith .
47 : 11 But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed ; they shall be given to salt .
Please to destroy my scrawls -- but the ring with my hair you are very welcome to keep ."
52 : 21 And concerning the pillars , the height of one pillar was eighteen cubits ; and a fillet of twelve cubits did compass it ; and the thickness thereof was four fingers : it was hollow .
51 : 30 The mighty men of Babylon have forborn to fight , they have remained in their holds : their might hath failed ; they became as women : they have burned her dwellingplaces ; her bars are broken .
This topic was discussed very happily , and others succeeded of similar moment , and passed away with similar harmony ; but the evening did not close without a little return of agitation .
12 : 11 He that tilleth his land shall be satisfied with bread : but he that followeth vain persons is void of understanding .
" But , my dear papa , it is supposed to be summer ; a warm day in summer .
29 : 10 Wherefore now rise up early in the morning with thy master ' s servants that are come with thee : and as soon as ye be up early in the morning , and have light , depart .
see thou to that .
Is not she looking well ?"
he cried , " you would !
You remember him , I am sure ."
The ladies had passed near it in their way along the valley , but it was screened from their view at home by the projection of a hill .
16 : 31 The hoary head is a crown of glory , if it be found in the way of righteousness .
-- hesitatingly it was said .--" Or will it be wrong ?-- I can talk of it now , I hope , as I ought to do ."
7 : 1 And the men of Kirjathjearim came , and fetched up the ark of the LORD , and brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill , and sanctified Eleazar his son to keep the ark of the LORD .
9 : 9 And the sons of Aaron brought the blood unto him : and he dipped his finger in the blood , and put it upon the horns of the altar , and poured out the blood at the bottom of the altar : 9 : 10 But the fat , and the kidneys , and the caul above the liver of the sin offering , he burnt upon the altar ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
Are you going near Camden Place ?
7 : 6 Give not that which is holy unto the dogs , neither cast ye your pearls before swine , lest they trample them under their feet , and turn again and rend you .
14 : 22 He built Elath , and restored it to Judah , after that the king slept with his fathers .
Now , quite near to the trees had stood an Angel , who had heard all that had passed .
7 : 7 And without all contradiction the less is blessed of the better .
I can safely say that he has never gave me one moment ' s alarm on that account from the first ."
Knightley .
The sympathy and good - will excited towards Captain Benwick was very great . "
He thought she had undertaken more than she was equal to , and that she felt it so herself , though she would not own it .
I love you like the little bird That picks up crumbs around the door ."
2 : 21 And when eight days were accomplished for the circumcising of the child , his name was called JESUS , which was so named of the angel before he was conceived in the womb .
7 : 26 Laadan his son , Ammihud his son , Elishama his son .
26 : 61 And Nadab and Abihu died , when they offered strange fire before the LORD .
11 : 34 And said , Where have ye laid him ?
Her cheeks flushed at the name , and she felt afraid of something , though she knew not what . "
Mrs .
8 : 16 The Jews had light , and gladness , and joy , and honour .
Lucy made room for her with ready attention , and the two fair rivals were thus seated side by side at the same table , and , with the utmost harmony , engaged in forwarding the same work .
takes M .
7 : 34 Ye shall seek me , and shall not find me : and where I am , thither ye cannot come .
But I cannot believe it of you .
this same Jesus , which is taken up from you into heaven , shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven .
" Well , sir , and what said Mrs .
wherefore have we afflicted our soul , and thou takest no knowledge ?
.
1 : 6 And Solomon went up thither to the brasen altar before the LORD , which was at the tabernacle of the congregation , and offered a thousand burnt offerings upon it .
103 : 14 For he knoweth our frame ; he remembereth that we are dust .
" Oh !
20 : 10 And now , behold , the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir , whom thou wouldest not let Israel invade , when they came out of the land of Egypt , but they turned from them , and destroyed them not ; 20 : 11 Behold , I say , how they reward us , to come to cast us out of thy possession , which thou hast given us to inherit .
9 : 15 The LORD of hosts shall defend them ; and they shall devour , and subdue with sling stones ; and they shall drink , and make a noise as through wine ; and they shall be filled like bowls , and as the corners of the altar .
2 : 28 For he is not a Jew , which is one outwardly ; neither is that circumcision , which is outward in the flesh : 2 : 29 But he is a Jew , which is one inwardly ; and circumcision is that of the heart , in the spirit , and not in the letter ; whose praise is not of men , but of God .
He sat really lost in thought for the first few minutes ; and when rousing himself , it was only to say , " Of all horrid things , leave - taking is the worst ."
17 : 32 And David said to Saul , Let no man ' s heart fail because of him ; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine .
2 : 26 And ye shall eat in plenty , and be satisfied , and praise the name of the LORD your God , that hath dealt wondrously with you : and my people shall never be ashamed .
18 : 2 Twenty and five years old was he when he began to reign ; and he reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem .
It is not an employment to which they have been brought up .
the great - coat was hanging over the panel , and hid the arms , so it did ; otherwise , I am sure , I should have observed them , and the livery too ; if the servant had not been in mourning , one should have known him by the livery ."
The way to carry a puppy - dog is to take a long piece of string and tie one end of it round the puppy - dog ' s neck and put the puppy - dog on the ground , and take hold of the other end of the string and come along home , like this ."
Instead of staying at Lyme , he went off to Plymouth , and then he went off to see Edward .
27 : 9 By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged ; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin ; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder , the groves and images shall not stand up .
So the king of Assyria turned back , and stayed not there in the land .
27 : 6 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 27 : 7 The daughters of Zelophehad speak right : thou shalt surely give them a possession of an inheritance among their father ' s brethren ; and thou shalt cause the inheritance of their father to pass unto them .
28 : 18 No mention shall be made of coral , or of pearls : for the price of wisdom is above rubies .
Emma ' s politeness was at hand directly , to say , with smiling interest -- " Have you heard from Miss Fairfax so lately ?
16 : 3 Him would Paul have to go forth with him ; and took and circumcised him because of the Jews which were in those quarters : for they knew all that his father was a Greek .
39 : 26 Doth the hawk fly by thy wisdom , and stretch her wings toward the south ?
Marianne gave a violent start , fixed her eyes upon Elinor , saw her turning pale , and fell back in her chair in hysterics .
12 : 4 And in that day shall ye say , Praise the LORD , call upon his name , declare his doings among the people , make mention that his name is exalted .
It was such a fine shiny little acorn that he thought he would take it home with him ; so he put out his paw to touch it , but the little acorn rolled away from him .
40 : 25 And he lighted the lamps before the LORD ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
21 : 24 Him that dieth of Ahab in the city the dogs shall eat ; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat .
Short was the time , however , in which that fear could affect her , for within half an hour after Willoughby ' s leaving the house , she was again called down stairs by the sound of another carriage .-- Eager to save her mother from every unnecessary moment ' s horrible suspense , she ran immediately into the hall , and reached the outward door just in time to receive and support her as she entered it .
Captain Wentworth , with five - and - twenty thousand pounds , and as high in his profession as merit and activity could place him , was no longer nobody .
He could not have come nearer to her if he would ; she was so surrounded and shut in : but she would rather have caught his eye .
Anne smiled more than once to herself during this speech , and entered into the subject , as ready to do good by entering into the feelings of a young lady as of a young man , though here it was good of a lower standard , for what could be offered but general acquiescence ?
She was a great talker upon little matters , which exactly suited Mr .
There comes old Sir Archibald Drew and his grandson .
41 : 29 Darts are counted as stubble : he laugheth at the shaking of a spear .
It was so sweet and funny and sad and real ,-- like our own lives ,-- that everybody wanted to read it .
I have heard it asserted ," said John Knightley , " that the same sort of handwriting often prevails in a family ; and where the same master teaches , it is natural enough .
14 : 36 And Saul said , Let us go down after the Philistines by night , and spoil them until the morning light , and let us not leave a man of them .
3 : 42 We have transgressed and have rebelled : thou hast not pardoned .
but dear Miss Woodhouse , she is now in such retirement , such obscurity , so thrown away .-- Whatever advantages she may have enjoyed with the Campbells are so palpably at an end !
2 : 19 And her mother in law said unto her , Where hast thou gleaned to day ?
More air than one often sees in Bath .
" Not a walk in the rain , I should imagine ."
Anne was considering whether she should venture to suggest that a gown , or a cap , would not be liable to any such misuse , when a knock at the door suspended everything . "
She listened , and found it well worth listening to .
15 : 1 Then answered Eliphaz the Temanite , and said , 15 : 2 Should a wise man utter vain knowledge , and fill his belly with the east wind ?
32 : 44 And Moses came and spake all the words of this song in the ears of the people , he , and Hoshea the son of Nun .
" I am afraid ," returned Emma , sighing , " that I must often have contributed to make her unhappy ."
" I saw her answer !-- nothing could be clearer ."
Jennings very plainly heard Elinor say , and with a voice which shewed her to feel what she said , " I shall always think myself very much obliged to you ."
16 : 9 And Aaron shall bring the goat upon which the LORD ' s lot fell , and offer him for a sin offering .
44 : 10 And the Levites that are gone away far from me , when Israel went astray , which went astray away from me after their idols ; they shall even bear their iniquity .
Your dear mother was so clever at all those things !
11 : 4 And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem , which is Jebus ; where the Jebusites were , the inhabitants of the land .
12 : 18 And Jehoash king of Judah took all the hallowed things that Jehoshaphat , and Jehoram , and Ahaziah , his fathers , kings of Judah , had dedicated , and his own hallowed things , and all the gold that was found in the treasures of the house of the LORD , and in the king ' s house , and sent it to Hazael king of Syria : and he went away from Jerusalem .
So the king of Israel disguised himself ; and they went to the battle .
38 : 31 Canst thou bind the sweet influences of Pleiades , or loose the bands of Orion ?
Elton was called on , within a month from the marriage of Mr .
John Knightley ' s being a lawyer is very inconvenient .-- Poor Isabella !-- she is sadly taken away from us all !-- and how sorry she will be when she comes , not to see Miss Taylor here !"
He worked as hard as he could , and still he could not earn enough to keep himself and his wife .
And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant , the ten commandments .
But even the donkey was not so slow as this ; the new steed was slower than he .
16 : 30 And Samson said , Let me die with the Philistines .
I Always take the part of my own sex .
28 : 8 And they departed quickly from the sepulchre with fear and great joy ; and did run to bring his disciples word .
9 : 13 And the sixth angel sounded , and I heard a voice from the four horns of the golden altar which is before God , 9 : 14 Saying to the sixth angel which had the trumpet , Loose the four angels which are bound in the great river Euphrates .
Captain Harville was no reader ; but he had contrived excellent accommodations , and fashioned very pretty shelves , for a tolerable collection of well - bound volumes , the property of Captain Benwick .
3 : 11 For if that which is done away was glorious , much more that which remaineth is glorious .
7 : 12 When they shall go , I will spread my net upon them ; I will bring them down as the fowls of the heaven ; I will chastise them , as their congregation hath heard .
25 : 19 And these are the generations of Isaac , Abraham ' s son : Abraham begat Isaac : 25 : 20 And Isaac was forty years old when he took Rebekah to wife , the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Padanaram , the sister to Laban the Syrian .
How well you put it on !-- so gratified !
VOLUME II CHAPTER I Emma and Harriet had been walking together one morning , and , in Emma ' s opinion , had been talking enough of Mr .
43 : 4 So Johanan the son of Kareah , and all the captains of the forces , and all the people , obeyed not the voice of the LORD , to dwell in the land of Judah .
In the mean while she was in the carriage .
said Elinor , reproachfully ; " a note would have answered every purpose .-- Why was it necessary to call ?"
60 : 2 Thou hast made the earth to tremble ; thou hast broken it : heal the breaches thereof ; for it shaketh .
38 : 15 For in thee , O LORD , do I hope : thou wilt hear , O Lord my God .
Jennings , one so earnestly grateful , so full of respect and kind wishes as seemed due to her own heart from a secret acknowledgment of past inattention , and bidding Colonel Brandon farewell with a cordiality of a friend , was carefully assisted by him into the carriage , of which he seemed anxious that she should engross at least half .
But they had no curiosity to see how Mr .
Therefore take heed to your spirit , and let none deal treacherously against the wife of his youth .
3 : 1 Hear this word that the LORD hath spoken against you , O children of Israel , against the whole family which I brought up from the land of Egypt , saying , 3 : 2 You only have I known of all the families of the earth : therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities .
2 : 12 Be astonished , O ye heavens , at this , and be horribly afraid , be ye very desolate , saith the LORD .
5 : 13 The church that is at Babylon , elected together with you , saluteth you ; and so doth Marcus my son .
13 : 3 But Amnon had a friend , whose name was Jonadab , the son of Shimeah David ' s brother : and Jonadab was a very subtil man .
50 : 31 Behold , I am against thee , O thou most proud , saith the Lord GOD of hosts : for thy day is come , the time that I will visit thee .
43 : 5 Fear not : for I am with thee : I will bring thy seed from the east , and gather thee from the west ; 43 : 6 I will say to the north , Give up ; and to the south , Keep not back : bring my sons from far , and my daughters from the ends of the earth ; 43 : 7 Even every one that is called by my name : for I have created him for my glory , I have formed him ; yea , I have made him .
8 : 7 And he brought me to the door of the court ; and when I looked , behold a hole in the wall .
6 : 3 And the king said , What honour and dignity hath been done to Mordecai for this ?
Weston , " about Perry and a carriage ?
22 : 11 And it came to pass , when the king had heard the words of the book of the law , that he rent his clothes .
28 : 13 And the king said unto her , Be not afraid : for what sawest thou ?
You need not be prompted to write with the appearance of sorrow for his disappointment ."
18 : 3 I will call upon the LORD , who is worthy to be praised : so shall I be saved from mine enemies .
20 : 1 The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early , when it was yet dark , unto the sepulchre , and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre .
25 : 2 And five of them were wise , and five were foolish .
Stop !
I happened to look up as I went by the chaise , and so I see directly it was the youngest Miss Steele ; so I took off my hat , and she knew me and called to me , and inquired after you , ma ' am , and the young ladies , especially Miss Marianne , and bid me I should give her compliments and Mr .
5 : 19 And he said unto him , Go in peace .
21 : 14 But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings , saith the LORD : and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof , and it shall devour all things round about it .
58 : 8 Then shall thy light break forth as the morning , and thine health shall spring forth speedily : and thy righteousness shall go before thee ; the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward .
` Sixty ,' said I , ` or perhaps sixty - two .'
All her impatience to be at home again now returned ; her mother was dearer to her than ever ; dearer through the very excess of her mistaken confidence in Willoughby , and she was wildly urgent to be gone .
24 : 8 The mirth of tabrets ceaseth , the noise of them that rejoice endeth , the joy of the harp ceaseth .
Who will plant this wheat ?"
23 : 41 And ye shall keep it a feast unto the LORD seven days in the year .
Farewell .
102 : 4 My heart is smitten , and withered like grass ; so that I forget to eat my bread .
If we were in the other room ," said Emma , " if I had my writing - desk , I am sure I could produce a specimen .
CHAPTER XIV Mrs .
Remember my bonds .
9 : 11 For by me thy days shall be multiplied , and the years of thy life shall be increased .
35 : 20 After all this , when Josiah had prepared the temple , Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Charchemish by Euphrates : and Josiah went out against him .
They say unto him , We are able .
Mr .
Mr .
Mind me , now , if they an ' t married by Mid - summer .
Mr .
28 : 20 Then Saul fell straightway all along on the earth , and was sore afraid , because of the words of Samuel : and there was no strength in him ; for he had eaten no bread all the day , nor all the night .
34 : 22 And thou shalt observe the feast of weeks , of the firstfruits of wheat harvest , and the feast of ingathering at the year ' s end .
3 : 65 Give them sorrow of heart , thy curse unto them .
1 : 35 And in the morning , rising up a great while before day , he went out , and departed into a solitary place , and there prayed .
At seven o ' clock , leaving Marianne still sweetly asleep , she joined Mrs .
cried the Admiral , " what stuff these young fellows talk !
17 : 26 And now , LORD , thou art God , and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant : 17 : 27 Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant , that it may be before thee for ever : for thou blessest , O LORD , and it shall be blessed for ever .
Amen .
21 : 15 And it came to pass , when Jezebel heard that Naboth was stoned , and was dead , that Jezebel said to Ahab , Arise , take possession of the vineyard of Naboth the Jezreelite , which he refused to give thee for money : for Naboth is not alive , but dead .
At Lyme .
I admired your spirit ; and I dare say we shall get home very well .
Her jealous eye was satisfied in one particular .
He had , in fact , been wholly unsuspicious of his own influence .
saith the LORD : I am full of the burnt offerings of rams , and the fat of fed beasts ; and I delight not in the blood of bullocks , or of lambs , or of he goats .
Your interest , Sir Walter , is in pretty safe hands .
8 : 21 Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter : for thy heart is not right in the sight of God .
27 : 1 And Moses with the elders of Israel commanded the people , saying , Keep all the commandments which I command you this day .
Do not you hear your aunt speak ?
Palmer , and in that little had seen so much variety in his address to her sister and herself , that she knew not what to expect to find him in his own family .
8 : 26 And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true : wherefore shut thou up the vision ; for it shall be for many days .
and their mighty ones are beaten down , and are fled apace , and look not back : for fear was round about , saith the LORD .
No , I believe you capable of everything great and good in your married lives .
The only living thing near was an old , bony , grey donkey .
4 : 3 Thy lips are like a thread of scarlet , and thy speech is comely : thy temples are like a piece of a pomegranate within thy locks .
8 : 17 For nothing is secret , that shall not be made manifest ; neither any thing hid , that shall not be known and come abroad .
13 : 12 Of the tribe of Dan , Ammiel the son of Gemalli .
33 : 9 And Esau said , I have enough , my brother ; keep that thou hast unto thyself .
78 : 16 He brought streams also out of the rock , and caused waters to run down like rivers .
I only mean that if Mr Elliot should some time hence pay his addresses to you , and if you should be disposed to accept him , I think there would be every possibility of your being happy together .
However , the Brahmin argued so hard that at last the Tiger agreed to wait and ask the first five whom they should meet , whether it was fair for him to eat the Brahmin , and to abide by their decision .
15 : 16 And Jesus said , Are ye also yet without understanding ?
can this be possible !"
I have been to the theatre , and secured a box for to - morrow night .
105 : 27 They shewed his signs among them , and wonders in the land of Ham .
Cole , to add his very pressing entreaties ; and as , in every respect , it suited Emma best to lead , she gave a very proper compliance .
You do believe that there is true attachment and constancy among men .
The villagers had caught him and shut him up there for his wickedness . "
20 : 14 And thou shalt not only while yet I live shew me the kindness of the LORD , that I die not : 20 : 15 But also thou shalt not cut off thy kindness from my house for ever : no , not when the LORD hath cut off the enemies of David every one from the face of the earth .
12 : 26 Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred .
The others joined them , and it was a group in which Anne found herself also necessarily included .
Why does he make it any business of his , to wonder at what I do ?-- at my taking my family to one part of the coast or another ?-- I may be allowed , I hope , the use of my judgment as well as Mr .
The two eldest little Knightleys were engaged to pay their grandpapa and aunt a visit of some weeks in the spring , and their papa now proposed bringing them , and staying one whole day at Hartfield -- which one day would be the very day of this party .-- His professional engagements did not allow of his being put off , but both father and daughter were disturbed by its happening so .
I want only that he shall be good .
66 : 20 And they shall bring all your brethren for an offering unto the LORD out of all nations upon horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and upon mules , and upon swift beasts , to my holy mountain Jerusalem , saith the LORD , as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clean vessel into the house of the LORD .
But at first I must confess , my vanity only was elevated by it .
6 : 11 Also I have made a decree , that whosoever shall alter this word , let timber be pulled down from his house , and being set up , let him be hanged thereon ; and let his house be made a dunghill for this .
17 : 22 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar , and will set it ; I will crop off from the top of his young twigs a tender one , and will plant it upon an high mountain and eminent : 17 : 23 In the mountain of the height of Israel will I plant it : and it shall bring forth boughs , and bear fruit , and be a goodly cedar : and under it shall dwell all fowl of every wing ; in the shadow of the branches thereof shall they dwell .
39 : 24 According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I done unto them , and hid my face from them .
and why are ye come unto me now when ye are in distress ?
Mrs .
5 : 9 So David dwelt in the fort , and called it the city of David .
6 : 19 And the oracle he prepared in the house within , to set there the ark of the covenant of the LORD .
I will not torment myself any longer by remaining among friends whose society it is impossible for me now to enjoy ."
And now , Elinor , what have you to say ?"
" This ," said he , " cannot hold ; but a change , a total change of sentiments -- No , no , do not desire it ; for when the romantic refinements of a young mind are obliged to give way , how frequently are they succeeded by such opinions as are but too common , and too dangerous !
His name was good , his residence was in their favourite village , and she soon found out that of all manly dresses a shooting - jacket was the most becoming .
On every formal visit a child ought to be of the party , by way of provision for discourse .
88 : 16 Thy fierce wrath goeth over me ; thy terrors have cut me off .
5 : 8 Lead me , O LORD , in thy righteousness because of mine enemies ; make thy way straight before my face .
But the sight of Mr .
46 : 8 And when the prince shall enter , he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate , and he shall go forth by the way thereof .
25 : 10 Then said Paul , I stand at Caesar ' s judgment seat , where I ought to be judged : to the Jews have I done no wrong , as thou very well knowest .
49 : 6 And he said , It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob , and to restore the preserved of Israel : I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles , that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth .
And he said , God be gracious unto thee , my son .
Marianne pressed her hand and replied , " You are very good .-- The future must be my proof .
" To have resisted such attractions , to have withstood such tenderness !-- Is there a man on earth who could have done it ?-- Yes , I found myself , by insensible degrees , sincerely fond of her ; and the happiest hours of my life were what I spent with her when I felt my intentions were strictly honourable , and my feelings blameless .
6 : 17 And the city shall be accursed , even it , and all that are therein , to the LORD : only Rahab the harlot shall live , she and all that are with her in the house , because she hid the messengers that we sent .
12 : 11 In that day shall there be a great mourning in Jerusalem , as the mourning of Hadadrimmon in the valley of Megiddon .
what shall we speak ?
Emma , on reaching home , called the housekeeper directly , to an examination of her stores ; and some arrowroot of very superior quality was speedily despatched to Miss Bates with a most friendly note .
20 : 16 And let that man be as the cities which the LORD overthrew , and repented not : and let him hear the cry in the morning , and the shouting at noontide ; 20 : 17 Because he slew me not from the womb ; or that my mother might have been my grave , and her womb to be always great with me .
He is the curate of the parish I dare say ."
But to appear happy when I am so miserable -- Oh !
119 : 145 I cried with my whole heart ; hear me , O LORD : I will keep thy statutes .
34 : 22 The LORD redeemeth the soul of his servants : and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate .
You could make it into two parcels , Mrs .
15 : 7 And Samson said unto them , Though ye have done this , yet will I be avenged of you , and after that I will cease .
24 : 40 Then shall two be in the field ; the one shall be taken , and the other left .
impossible !"
it shall be no more , saith the Lord GOD .
regular features , open countenance , with a complexion !
Jennings the following natural remark . "
" Yes , my dear , if there is time .-- But --( in a very depressed tone )-- she is coming for only one week .
If their evenings at the park were concluded with cards , he cheated himself and all the rest of the party to get her a good hand .
71 : 2 Deliver me in thy righteousness , and cause me to escape : incline thine ear unto me , and save me .
" I hope you will bring Elton ," said he : " but I will not trouble you to give any other invitations ."
And under such a supposition , which would have been most miserable , when time had disclosed all , too late ?
15 : 24 Trouble and anguish shall make him afraid ; they shall prevail against him , as a king ready to the battle .
21 : 21 And the twelve gates were twelve pearls : every several gate was of one pearl : and the street of the city was pure gold , as it were transparent glass .
16 : 14 Afterward he appeared unto the eleven as they sat at meat , and upbraided them with their unbelief and hardness of heart , because they believed not them which had seen him after he was risen .
18 : 10 In the most holy place shalt thou eat it ; every male shall eat it : it shall be holy unto thee .
16 : 36 And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul , The magistrates have sent to let you go : now therefore depart , and go in peace .
22 : 20 Behold therefore , I will gather thee unto thy fathers , and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace ; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place .
1 : 20 For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen , being understood by the things that are made , even his eternal power and Godhead ; so that they are without excuse : 1 : 21 Because that , when they knew God , they glorified him not as God , neither were thankful ; but became vain in their imaginations , and their foolish heart was darkened .
4 : 17 Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me , and strengthened me ; that by me the preaching might be fully known , and that all the Gentiles might hear : and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion .
1 : 24 And they glorified God in me .
90 : 3 Thou turnest man to destruction ; and sayest , Return , ye children of men .
119 : 4 Thou hast commanded us to keep thy precepts diligently .
32 : 28 And he said , Thy name shall be called no more Jacob , but Israel : for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men , and hast prevailed .
29 : 14 The king that faithfully judgeth the poor , his throne shall be established for ever .
15 : 28 And the priest shall make an atonement for the soul that sinneth ignorantly , when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD , to make an atonement for him ; and it shall be forgiven him .
I like a job of that sort excessively .'
The preparing and the going abroad in such weather , with the sacrifice of his children after dinner , were evils , were disagreeables at least , which Mr .
after a dead dog , after a flea .
Not that he will value it as he ought ," he observed , " Charles is too cool about sporting .
Elton , in fancying himself a very decided favourite .
and resolved , that his mourning should be as handsome as possible ; and his wife sat sighing and moralising over her broad hems with a commiseration and good sense , true and steady .
19 : 7 Then the priest shall wash his clothes , and he shall bathe his flesh in water , and afterward he shall come into the camp , and the priest shall be unclean until the even .
They seem very comfortable as they are , and if she were to take any pains to marry him , she would probably repent it .
Mrs Smith gave a most good - humoured acquiescence . "
99 : 1 The LORD reigneth ; let the people tremble : he sitteth between the cherubims ; let the earth be moved .
Yes , Harriet , just so long have I been wanting the very circumstance to happen what has happened .
14 : 4 Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ?
30 : 25 But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon , and the arms of Pharaoh shall fall down ; and they shall know that I am the LORD , when I shall put my sword into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall stretch it out upon the land of Egypt .
31 : 21 So he fled with all that he had ; and he rose up , and passed over the river , and set his face toward the mount Gilead .
" I knew pretty well what she was before that day ;" said he , smiling . "
one can think of nothing else ."
in thine anger cast down the people , O God .
Aye , do , Frank .-- Go and fetch Miss Bates , and let us end the matter at once .
28 : 4 Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body , and the fruit of thy ground , and the fruit of thy cattle , the increase of thy kine , and the flocks of thy sheep .
6 : 12 Is my strength the strength of stones ?
9 : 2 And he sent them to preach the kingdom of God , and to heal the sick .
Concern for her unhappiness , and respect for her fortitude under it , must strengthen every attachment .
12 : 30 He that is not with me is against me ; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth abroad .
19 : 12 And ye shall not swear by my name falsely , neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God : I am the LORD .
137 : 6 If I do not remember thee , let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth ; if I prefer not Jerusalem above my chief joy .
Anne could perfectly comprehend the exquisite relief , and was only the more inclined to wonder at the composure of her friend ' s usual state of mind .
for all things come of thee , and of thine own have we given thee .
4 : 27 For of a truth against thy holy child Jesus , whom thou hast anointed , both Herod , and Pontius Pilate , with the Gentiles , and the people of Israel , were gathered together , 4 : 28 For to do whatsoever thy hand and thy counsel determined before to be done .
Now there is nothing grandmama loves better than sweetbread and asparagus -- so she was rather disappointed , but we agreed we would not speak of it to any body , for fear of its getting round to dear Miss Woodhouse , who would be so very much concerned !-- Well , this is brilliant !
12 : 28 In the way of righteousness is life : and in the pathway thereof there is no death .
" I am most happy to hear it -- but only Jane Fairfax one knows to be so very accomplished and superior !-- and exactly Emma ' s age ."
Hodges , or to inspect anything --" " I have not the least wish for it , I thank you ."
28 : 1 And David assembled all the princes of Israel , the princes of the tribes , and the captains of the companies that ministered to the king by course , and the captains over the thousands , and captains over the hundreds , and the stewards over all the substance and possession of the king , and of his sons , with the officers , and with the mighty men , and with all the valiant men , unto Jerusalem .
-- ` I can see nobody ,' said she ; and up she got , and would go away ; and that was what made us keep you waiting -- and extremely sorry and ashamed we were .
You cannot doubt your sister ' s wishes .
19 : 24 But in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal .
This was the dedication of the altar , after that it was anointed .
9 : 16 O LORD , according to all thy righteousness , I beseech thee , let thine anger and thy fury be turned away from thy city Jerusalem , thy holy mountain : because for our sins , and for the iniquities of our fathers , Jerusalem and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us .
You were all gone I do not know where .
She had no longer any inclination to talk to him .
I will give you a king such as you deserve !"
37 : 1 And king Zedekiah the son of Josiah reigned instead of Coniah the son of Jehoiakim , whom Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon made king in the land of Judah .
19 : 2 And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him , and said to king Jehoshaphat , Shouldest thou help the ungodly , and love them that hate the LORD ?
46 : 12 Hearken unto me , ye stouthearted , that are far from righteousness : 46 : 13 I bring near my righteousness ; it shall not be far off , and my salvation shall not tarry : and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel my glory .
But after the king and his Israelitish friend were dead , there was a new king , who hated the Israelites .
17 : 12 He shall build me an house , and I will stablish his throne for ever .
6 : 16 And when the five lords of the Philistines had seen it , they returned to Ekron the same day .
51 : 5 For Israel hath not been forsaken , nor Judah of his God , of the LORD of hosts ; though their land was filled with sin against the Holy One of Israel .
3 : 22 Ye shall not fear them : for the LORD your God he shall fight for you .
24 : 13 And Moses rose up , and his minister Joshua : and Moses went up into the mount of God .
This is a remarkably heavy cow ," said the Elephant ; " but I ' ll fetch her !"
Should not you , Marianne ?
21 : 2 And the king called the Gibeonites , and said unto them ; ( now the Gibeonites were not of the children of Israel , but of the remnant of the Amorites ; and the children of Israel had sworn unto them : and Saul sought to slay them in his zeal to the children of Israel and Judah .)
shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect ?
4 : 15 And these are they by the way side , where the word is sown ; but when they have heard , Satan cometh immediately , and taketh away the word that was sown in their hearts .
She and Mary were actually setting forward for the Great House , where , as she afterwards learnt , they must inevitably have found him , when they were stopped by the eldest boy ' s being at that moment brought home in consequence of a bad fall .
3 : 19 And Samuel grew , and the LORD was with him , and did let none of his words fall to the ground .
22 : 15 For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard .
14 : 13 Even in laughter the heart is sorrowful ; and the end of that mirth is heaviness .
16 : 6 And Moses and Aaron said unto all the children of Israel , At even , then ye shall know that the LORD hath brought you out from the land of Egypt : 16 : 7 And in the morning , then ye shall see the glory of the LORD ; for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD : and what are we , that ye murmur against us ?
16 : 14 He breaketh me with breach upon breach , he runneth upon me like a giant .
And the king spake , and said to the wise men of Babylon , Whosoever shall read this writing , and shew me the interpretation thereof , shall be clothed with scarlet , and have a chain of gold about his neck , and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom .
11 : 11 And Jesus entered into Jerusalem , and into the temple : and when he had looked round about upon all things , and now the eventide was come , he went out unto Bethany with the twelve .
13 : 17 Then he called his servant that ministered unto him , and said , Put now this woman out from me , and bolt the door after her .
This proves that he can leave the Churchills ."
True , true , you are acquainted with Miss Fairfax ; I remember you knew her at Weymouth , and a fine girl she is .
The charming Augusta Hawkins , in addition to all the usual advantages of perfect beauty and merit , was in possession of an independent fortune , of so many thousands as would always be called ten ; a point of some dignity , as well as some convenience : the story told well ; he had not thrown himself away -- he had gained a woman of 10 , 000 l .
7 : 6 For as the crackling of thorns under a pot , so is the laughter of the fool : this also is vanity .
42 : 18 For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; As mine anger and my fury hath been poured forth upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem ; so shall my fury be poured forth upon you , when ye shall enter into Egypt : and ye shall be an execration , and an astonishment , and a curse , and a reproach ; and ye shall see this place no more .
for he giveth not account of any of his matters .
She always travels with her own sheets ; an excellent precaution .
14 : 13 And there came one that had escaped , and told Abram the Hebrew ; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite , brother of Eshcol , and brother of Aner : and these were confederate with Abram .
Weston was afraid of draughts for the young people in that passage ; and neither Emma nor the gentlemen could tolerate the prospect of being miserably crowded at supper .
12 : 1 And Job answered and said , 12 : 2 No doubt but ye are the people , and wisdom shall die with you .
The aunt was a capricious woman , and governed her husband entirely ; but it was not in Mr .
21 : 29 Woe to thee , Moab !
5 : 6 I opened to my beloved ; but my beloved had withdrawn himself , and was gone : my soul failed when he spake : I sought him , but I could not find him ; I called him , but he gave me no answer .
2 : 15 But he that is spiritual judgeth all things , yet he himself is judged of no man .
29 : 18 And Jacob loved Rachel ; and said , I will serve thee seven years for Rachel thy younger daughter .
6 : 10 For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love , which ye have shewed toward his name , in that ye have ministered to the saints , and do minister .
22 : 15 Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child ; but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him .
they cried . "
Give him a book , and he will read all day long ."
7 : 6 He answered and said unto them , Well hath Esaias prophesied of you hypocrites , as it is written , This people honoureth me with their lips , but their heart is far from me .
This is just what Perry said .
36 : 8 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim , and his abominations which he did , and that which was found in him , behold , they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah : and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead .
11 : 16 A gracious woman retaineth honour : and strong men retain riches .
That would have been too dreadful !-- What an escape !-- Dear Miss Woodhouse , I would not give up the pleasure and honour of being intimate with you for any thing in the world ."
11 : 25 Thrice was I beaten with rods , once was I stoned , thrice I suffered shipwreck , a night and a day I have been in the deep ; 11 : 26 In journeyings often , in perils of waters , in perils of robbers , in perils by mine own countrymen , in perils by the heathen , in perils in the city , in perils in the wilderness , in perils in the sea , in perils among false brethren ; 11 : 27 In weariness and painfulness , in watchings often , in hunger and thirst , in fastings often , in cold and nakedness .
There could be only the most proper alacrity , a most obliging compliance for public view ; and smiles reined in and spirits dancing in private rapture .
34 : 4 And the LORD said unto him , This is the land which I sware unto Abraham , unto Isaac , and unto Jacob , saying , I will give it unto thy seed : I have caused thee to see it with thine eyes , but thou shalt not go over thither .
12 : 3 But thou , O LORD , knowest me : thou hast seen me , and tried mine heart toward thee : pull them out like sheep for the slaughter , and prepare them for the day of slaughter .
We cannot mean the same Mr .
8 : 37 Nay , in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us .
52 : 9 Break forth into joy , sing together , ye waste places of Jerusalem : for the LORD hath comforted his people , he hath redeemed Jerusalem .
Alas !
6 : 45 And straightway he constrained his disciples to get into the ship , and to go to the other side before unto Bethsaida , while he sent away the people .
I think , Miss Woodhouse , you and I must establish a musical club , and have regular weekly meetings at your house , or ours .
3 : 5 I laid me down and slept ; I awaked ; for the LORD sustained me .
9 : 32 And the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim ; and it was written in the book .
It holds nine .
Whenever one had been cut down and carried away the others talked about it , and nodded their heads , and the Little Fir Tree listened , and heard them say that when you were carried away so , you might become the mast of a mighty ship , and go far away over the ocean , and see many wonderful things ; or you might be part of a fine house in a great city , and see much of life .
He therefore replied , without any resentment , " I would by no means speak disrespectfully of any relation of yours , madam .
She meant to be very happy , in spite of the scene being laid at Mr .
145 : 13 Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations .
Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of Abiezer ?
41 : 13 Now it came to pass , that when all the people which were with Ishmael saw Johanan the son of Kareah , and all the captains of the forces that were with him , then they were glad .
6 : 5 Then said I , Woe is me !
14 : 22 And the servant said , Lord , it is done as thou hast commanded , and yet there is room .
5 : 11 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 5 : 12 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , If any man ' s wife go aside , and commit a trespass against him , 5 : 13 And a man lie with her carnally , and it be hid from the eyes of her husband , and be kept close , and she be defiled , and there be no witness against her , neither she be taken with the manner ; 5 : 14 And the spirit of jealousy come upon him , and he be jealous of his wife , and she be defiled : or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him , and he be jealous of his wife , and she be not defiled : 5 : 15 Then shall the man bring his wife unto the priest , and he shall bring her offering for her , the tenth part of an ephah of barley meal ; he shall pour no oil upon it , nor put frankincense thereon ; for it is an offering of jealousy , an offering of memorial , bringing iniquity to remembrance .
1 : 4 I thank my God , making mention of thee always in my prayers , 1 : 5 Hearing of thy love and faith , which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus , and toward all saints ; 1 : 6 That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus .
How can Emma imagine she has any thing to learn herself , while Harriet is presenting such a delightful inferiority ?
2 : 9 For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily .
18 : 28 And there was no deliverer , because it was far from Zidon , and they had no business with any man ; and it was in the valley that lieth by Bethrehob .
Smith must be obliged ;-- and her business will not detain you from us long I hope ."
There was so much attachment to Captain Wentworth in all this , and such a bewitching charm in a degree of hospitality so uncommon , so unlike the usual style of give - and - take invitations , and dinners of formality and display , that Anne felt her spirits not likely to be benefited by an increasing acquaintance among his brother - officers . "
4 : 4 It stood upon twelve oxen , three looking toward the north , and three looking toward the west , and three looking toward the south , and three looking toward the east : and the sea was set above upon them , and all their hinder parts were inward .
When she thought about the book she remembered the good times she used to have with her sisters in the big , bare house in the country .
9 : 32 Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind .
29 : 20 And on the third day eleven bullocks , two rams , fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish ; 29 : 21 And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 22 And one goat for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , and his meat offering , and his drink offering .
Mrs .
4 : 10 Aristarchus my fellowprisoner saluteth you , and Marcus , sister ' s son to Barnabas , ( touching whom ye received commandments : if he come unto you , receive him ;) 4 : 11 And Jesus , which is called Justus , who are of the circumcision .
12 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 12 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , If a woman have conceived seed , and born a man child : then she shall be unclean seven days ; according to the days of the separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean .
8 : 13 Thou that dwellest in the gardens , the companions hearken to thy voice : cause me to hear it .
15 : 41 I am the LORD your God , which brought you out of the land of Egypt , to be your God : I am the LORD your God .
For Esaias saith , Lord , who hath believed our report ?
24 : 21 And they conspired against him , and stoned him with stones at the commandment of the king in the court of the house of the LORD .
3 : 16 And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from Gilead even unto the river Arnon half the valley , and the border even unto the river Jabbok , which is the border of the children of Ammon ; 3 : 17 The plain also , and Jordan , and the coast thereof , from Chinnereth even unto the sea of the plain , even the salt sea , under Ashdothpisgah eastward .
5 : 6 Although affliction cometh not forth of the dust , neither doth trouble spring out of the ground ; 5 : 7 Yet man is born unto trouble , as the sparks fly upward .
11 : 25 And now art thou any thing better than Balak the son of Zippor , king of Moab ?
But I had no inclination for the law , even in this less abstruse study of it , which my family approved .
1 : 12 And he said unto them , Take me up , and cast me forth into the sea ; so shall the sea be calm unto you : for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you .
This was Colonel Campbell , who had very highly regarded Fairfax , as an excellent officer and most deserving young man ; and farther , had been indebted to him for such attentions , during a severe camp - fever , as he believed had saved his life .
21 : 13 They spend their days in wealth , and in a moment go down to the grave .
46 : 10 And the sons of Simeon ; Jemuel , and Jamin , and Ohad , and Jachin , and Zohar , and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman .
37 : 35 And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him ; but he refused to be comforted ; and he said , For I will go down into the grave unto my son mourning .
Jennings ' s advice , of sending for the Palmers ' apothecary .
24 : 1 Behold , the LORD maketh the earth empty , and maketh it waste , and turneth it upside down , and scattereth abroad the inhabitants thereof .
4 : 29 Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth , but that which is good to the use of edifying , that it may minister grace unto the hearers .
19 : 39 And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto him , Master , rebuke thy disciples .
33 : 17 And Jacob journeyed to Succoth , and built him an house , and made booths for his cattle : therefore the name of the place is called Succoth .
18 : 23 But the Levites shall do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation , and they shall bear their iniquity : it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations , that among the children of Israel they have no inheritance .
5 : 2 And it was so , when the king saw Esther the queen standing in the court , that she obtained favour in his sight : and the king held out to Esther the golden sceptre that was in his hand .
14 : 5 For it might have been sold for more than three hundred pence , and have been given to the poor .
Oh !
Captain Wentworth , who had caught her up , knelt with her in his arms , looking on her with a face as pallid as her own , in an agony of silence . "
10 : 25 As the whirlwind passeth , so is the wicked no more : but the righteous is an everlasting foundation .
9 : 15 And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament , that by means of death , for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament , they which are called might receive the promise of eternal inheritance .
8 : 10 For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol ' s temple , shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols ; 8 : 11 And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish , for whom Christ died ?
Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me .
21 : 22 And all things , whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer , believing , ye shall receive .
And Amaziah his son reigned in his stead .
5 : 8 And Hiram sent to Solomon , saying , I have considered the things which thou sentest to me for : and I will do all thy desire concerning timber of cedar , and concerning timber of fir .
Her youth had passed without distinction , and her middle of life was devoted to the care of a failing mother , and the endeavour to make a small income go as far as possible .
Goddard a beautiful goose -- the finest goose Mrs .
30 : 6 And in my prosperity I said , I shall never be moved .
4 : 8 For if Jesus had given them rest , then would he not afterward have spoken of another day .
And there returned of the people twenty and two thousand ; and there remained ten thousand .
Jennings ' s maid with her sister , she hurried down stairs .
Ferrars must seem so odd , that it ought to be explained .
22 : 19 That thy trust may be in the LORD , I have made known to thee this day , even to thee .
26 : 23 And he went up from thence to Beersheba .
22 : 4 And I persecuted this way unto the death , binding and delivering into prisons both men and women .
35 : 26 Let them be ashamed and brought to confusion together that rejoice at mine hurt : let them be clothed with shame and dishonour that magnify themselves against me .
Her caution was thrown away .
20 : 13 And , behold , there came a prophet unto Ahab king of Israel , saying , Thus saith the LORD , Hast thou seen all this great multitude ?
Farewell , green fields and happy grove , Where flocks have ta ' en delight .
But indeed , while Elinor remained so well assured within herself of being really beloved by Edward , it required no other consideration of probabilities to make it natural that Lucy should be jealous ; and that she was so , her very confidence was a proof .
40 : 47 So he measured the court , an hundred cubits long , and an hundred cubits broad , foursquare ; and the altar that was before the house .
She was obliged to kneel down by the sofa , and remain there to satisfy her patient ; and thus they continued a few minutes , when , to her very great satisfaction , she heard some other person crossing the little vestibule .
They went round on one side of it , and the Lion stalked up to the other . "
I want you to call me something else , but I do not know what ."
( Now the name of the city before was Luz .)
24 : 6 And the king called for Jehoiada the chief , and said unto him , Why hast thou not required of the Levites to bring in out of Judah and out of Jerusalem the collection , according to the commandment of Moses the servant of the LORD , and of the congregation of Israel , for the tabernacle of witness ?
And they told Shimei , saying , Behold , thy servants be in Gath .
The Crofts will associate with them ."
He saw no fault in the room , he would acknowledge none which they suggested .
Jesus saith unto them , Loose him , and let him go .
20 : 36 Like as I pleaded with your fathers in the wilderness of the land of Egypt , so will I plead with you , saith the Lord GOD .
She is not to pay for the offence of others , by being held below the level of those with whom she is brought up .-- There can scarcely be a doubt that her father is a gentleman -- and a gentleman of fortune .-- Her allowance is very liberal ; nothing has ever been grudged for her improvement or comfort .-- That she is a gentleman ' s daughter , is indubitable to me ; that she associates with gentlemen ' s daughters , no one , I apprehend , will deny .-- She is superior to Mr .
Mama saw him here once before ;-- but I was with my uncle at Weymouth .
32 : 32 For their vine is of the vine of Sodom , and of the fields of Gomorrah : their grapes are grapes of gall , their clusters are bitter : 32 : 33 Their wine is the poison of dragons , and the cruel venom of asps .
Mrs .
Willoughby imagine , I suppose , when his looks censured me for incivility in breaking up the party , that I was called away to the relief of one whom he had made poor and miserable ; but HAD he known it , what would it have availed ?
Knightley .
THE BLACKBERRY - BUSH A little boy sat at his mother ' s knees , by the long western window , looking out into the garden .
-- cried Marianne again .--" So calm !-- so cheerful !-- how have you been supported ?"
It would excite no proper interest there .
2 : 2 And I went up by revelation , and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles , but privately to them which were of reputation , lest by any means I should run , or had run , in vain .
There is no saying much for the delicacy of our good friends , the Eltons ," was his next observation .--" His feelings are natural .-- What !
Shocked as Captain Harville was , he brought senses and nerves that could be instantly useful ; and a look between him and his wife decided what was to be done .
And she picked the little Half - Chick up by one leg and threw him out of the window .
The invisible worm , That flies in the night , In the howling storm , Has found out thy bed Of crimson joy , And his dark secret love Does thy life destroy .
85 : 11 Truth shall spring out of the earth ; and righteousness shall look down from heaven .
18 : 23 I was also upright before him , and I kept myself from mine iniquity .
1 : 20 And they gave Hebron unto Caleb , as Moses said : and he expelled thence the three sons of Anak .
They seemed deep in talk .
32 : 4 Now Elihu had waited till Job had spoken , because they were elder than he .
33 : 2 Behold , now I have opened my mouth , my tongue hath spoken in my mouth .
37 : 19 Say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will take the stick of Joseph , which is in the hand of Ephraim , and the tribes of Israel his fellows , and will put them with him , even with the stick of Judah , and make them one stick , and they shall be one in mine hand .
There were dark , shadowy woods , and fields of flowers , and a river .
48 : 13 Mark ye well her bulwarks , consider her palaces ; that ye may tell it to the generation following .
10 : 32 As yet shall he remain at Nob that day : he shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion , the hill of Jerusalem .
therefore they shall be your judges .
21 : 3 And the children of Israel gave unto the Levites out of their inheritance , at the commandment of the LORD , these cities and their suburbs .
12 : 13 And the king answered the people roughly , and forsook the old men ' s counsel that they gave him ; 12 : 14 And spake to them after the counsel of the young men , saying , My father made your yoke heavy , and I will add to your yoke : my father also chastised you with whips , but I will chastise you with scorpions .
The difference in that respect of Richmond and London was enough to make the whole difference of seeing him always and seeing him never .
The Musgroves came back to receive their happy boys and girls from school , bringing with them Mrs Harville ' s little children , to improve the noise of Uppercross , and lessen that of Lyme .
She was deep in the happiness of such misery , or the misery of such happiness , instantly .
Emma understood him ; and as soon as she could recover from the flutter of pleasure , excited by such tender consideration , replied , " You are very kind -- but you are mistaken -- and I must set you right .-- I am not in want of that sort of compassion .
Dashwood now took pains to get acquainted with him .
13 : 5 And Lot also , which went with Abram , had flocks , and herds , and tents .
43 : 23 And he said , Peace be to you , fear not : your God , and the God of your father , hath given you treasure in your sacks : I had your money .
32 : 19 Whom dost thou pass in beauty ?
` Old fellow !'
2 : 13 Behold , I am against thee , saith the LORD of hosts , and I will burn her chariots in the smoke , and the sword shall devour thy young lions : and I will cut off thy prey from the earth , and the voice of thy messengers shall no more be heard .
I undertake the commission .
To Anne herself it was most distressing to see Mr Elliot enter the room ; and quite painful to have him approach and speak to her .
That is , _I_ always had a strong persuasion he would be here again soon , I was sure something favourable would turn up -- but nobody believed me .
8 : 8 How do ye say , We are wise , and the law of the LORD is with us ?
Well , I went , left all that I loved , and went to those to whom , at best , I was only indifferent .
While well , and happy , and properly attended to , she had great good humour and excellent spirits ; but any indisposition sunk her completely .
these are the Gods that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness .
11 : 13 A talebearer revealeth secrets : but he that is of a faithful spirit concealeth the matter .
6 : 13 For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law ; but desire to have you circumcised , that they may glory in your flesh .
25 : 11 Shall I then take my bread , and my water , and my flesh that I have killed for my shearers , and give it unto men , whom I know not whence they be ?
Had he feigned a regard for her which he did not feel ?
And , behold , there came a voice unto him , and said , What doest thou here , Elijah ?
Tell her of my misery and my penitence -- tell her that my heart was never inconstant to her , and if you will , that at this moment she is dearer to me than ever ."
But stranger things have happened ; and when we cease to care for each other as we do now , it will be the means of confirming us in that sort of true disinterested friendship which I can already look forward to with pleasure ."
My brother did not deserve her ; he did not even love her .
8 : 23 I was set up from everlasting , from the beginning , or ever the earth was .
She merely said , in the course of some trivial chat , " Well , Harriet , whenever you marry I would advise you to do so and so "-- and thought no more of it , till after a minute ' s silence she heard Harriet say in a very serious tone , " I shall never marry ."
Then I can understand in a jiffy .
1 : 8 Their horses also are swifter than the leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves : and their horsemen shall spread themselves , and their horsemen shall come from far ; they shall fly as the eagle that hasteth to eat .
He lived to exert , and frequently to enjoy himself .
Instantly the Wind began to blow ; he puffed and tugged at the man ' s cloak , and raised a storm of hail and rain , to beat at it .
Circumstances that might swell to half an hour ' s relation , and contained multiplied proofs to her who had seen them , had passed undiscerned by her who now heard them ; but the two latest occurrences to be mentioned , the two of strongest promise to Harriet , were not without some degree of witness from Emma herself .-- The first , was his walking with her apart from the others , in the lime - walk at Donwell , where they had been walking some time before Emma came , and he had taken pains ( as she was convinced ) to draw her from the rest to himself -- and at first , he had talked to her in a more particular way than he had ever done before , in a very particular way indeed !--( Harriet could not recall it without a blush .)
Piper , pipe that song again ;" So I piped : he wept to hear . "
He will not be led astray ; he will not be misled by others to his ruin ."
How little did I think !-- The two Abbots and I ran into the front room and peeped through the blind when we heard he was going by , and Miss Nash came and scolded us away , and staid to look through herself ; however , she called me back presently , and let me look too , which was very good - natured .
13 : 4 Marriage is honourable in all , and the bed undefiled : but whoremongers and adulterers God will judge .
2 : 2 And ye shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land ; ye shall throw down their altars : but ye have not obeyed my voice : why have ye done this ?
And the same may be said of Mrs .
-- And to this day , I do believe , she knows not whether it was his present or his daughter ' s ."
And the people rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah king of Judah .
8 : 4 And Moses did as the LORD commanded him ; and the assembly was gathered together unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
31 : 20 And Jacob stole away unawares to Laban the Syrian , in that he told him not that he fled .
30 : 16 And Jacob came out of the field in the evening , and Leah went out to meet him , and said , Thou must come in unto me ; for surely I have hired thee with my son ' s mandrakes .
He was particularly grave the whole morning .
Little Brother Rabbit crouched down and listened to what they were saying .
He seized it and was just going to devour it , when the old woman to whom he had given his crust snatched it away and took him in her arms . "
Your inexperience really amuses me !
Elsa flew about from one thing to another , and the ten fairies did the work , just right .
Ferrars ; and such ill - timed praise of another , at Elinor ' s expense , though she had not any notion of what was principally meant by it , provoked her immediately to say with warmth , " This is admiration of a very particular kind !-- what is Miss Morton to us ?-- who knows , or who cares , for her ?-- it is Elinor of whom WE think and speak ."
23 : 31 Look not thou upon the wine when it is red , when it giveth his colour in the cup , when it moveth itself aright .
29 : 1 These are the words of the covenant , which the LORD commanded Moses to make with the children of Israel in the land of Moab , beside the covenant which he made with them in Horeb .
2 : 9 The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former , saith the LORD of hosts : and in this place will I give peace , saith the LORD of hosts .
She had often observed the change , to almost the same extent .-- Harriet repeated expressions of approbation and praise from him -- and Emma felt them to be in the closest agreement with what she had known of his opinion of Harriet .
Oh !
14 : 25 And when they had preached the word in Perga , they went down into Attalia : 14 : 26 And thence sailed to Antioch , from whence they had been recommended to the grace of God for the work which they fulfilled .
43 : 28 Therefore I have profaned the princes of the sanctuary , and have given Jacob to the curse , and Israel to reproaches .
2 : 23 And I will kill her children with death ; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts : and I will give unto every one of you according to your works .
53 : 4 Have the workers of iniquity no knowledge ?
2 : 7 Whereunto I am ordained a preacher , and an apostle , ( I speak the truth in Christ , and lie not ;) a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and verity .
8 : 14 Of the sons also of Bigvai ; Uthai , and Zabbud , and with them seventy males .
Once more he cut out the shoes and left them on the bench .
24 : 63 And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the eventide : and he lifted up his eyes , and saw , and , behold , the camels were coming .
Martin was so very kind as to send Mrs .
That tooth of her ' s and those freckles .
41 : 1 Blessed is he that considereth the poor : the LORD will deliver him in time of trouble .
He does not draw himself , indeed , but he has great pleasure in seeing the performances of other people , and I assure you he is by no means deficient in natural taste , though he has not had opportunities of improving it .
144 : 7 Send thine hand from above ; rid me , and deliver me out of great waters , from the hand of strange children ; 144 : 8 Whose mouth speaketh vanity , and their right hand is a right hand of falsehood .
11 : 3 And a mighty king shall stand up , that shall rule with great dominion , and do according to his will .
20 : 1 And David fled from Naioth in Ramah , and came and said before Jonathan , What have I done ?
Could he have thought himself encouraged , his looks and language at parting would have been different .-- Still , however , I must be on my guard .
3 : 9 He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone , he hath made my paths crooked .
to be a second time the dupe of her misconceptions and flattery .
Jennings are to be the proof of impropriety in conduct , we are all offending every moment of our lives .
7 : 15 I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the midst of my body , and the visions of my head troubled me .
wilt thou hold thy peace , and afflict us very sore ?
Suddenly , she heard a little _tap , tap , tap_ , at the door . "
11 : 6 And in the end of years they shall join themselves together ; for the king ' s daughter of the south shall come to the king of the north to make an agreement : but she shall not retain the power of the arm ; neither shall he stand , nor his arm : but she shall be given up , and they that brought her , and he that begat her , and he that strengthened her in these times .
10 : 33 But whosoever shall deny me before men , him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven .
11 : 5 The LORD trieth the righteous : but the wicked and him that loveth violence his soul hateth .
17 : 5 And there fell ten portions to Manasseh , beside the land of Gilead and Bashan , which were on the other side Jordan ; 17 : 6 Because the daughters of Manasseh had an inheritance among his sons : and the rest of Manasseh ' s sons had the land of Gilead .
" This is an alliance which , whoever -- whatever your friends may be , must be agreeable to them , provided at least they have common sense ; and we are not to be addressing our conduct to fools .
It will not be so great a loss of time : but if you dislike it --" " Not at all .
" There is no hurry on my side .
1 : 21 And the man Elkanah , and all his house , went up to offer unto the LORD the yearly sacrifice , and his vow .
12 : 21 And they helped David against the band of the rovers : for they were all mighty men of valour , and were captains in the host .
2 : 1 And it came to pass after this , that David enquired of the LORD , saying , Shall I go up into any of the cities of Judah ?
He built the higher gate of the house of the LORD .
Or an Eye of gifts & graces showring fruits & coined gold !
15 : 9 She that hath borne seven languisheth : she hath given up the ghost ; her sun is gone down while it was yet day : she hath been ashamed and confounded : and the residue of them will I deliver to the sword before their enemies , saith the LORD .
22 : 14 So Hilkiah the priest , and Ahikam , and Achbor , and Shaphan , and Asahiah , went unto Huldah the prophetess , the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah , the son of Harhas , keeper of the wardrobe ; ( now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college ;) and they communed with her .
Is it meet for any work ?
" To be sure we do ," cried his father ; " Mrs .
" Because ," replied he , smiling , " among the rest of the objects before me , I see a very dirty lane ."
" Oh !
and let the sword be doubled the third time , the sword of the slain : it is the sword of the great men that are slain , which entereth into their privy chambers .
And he was stirred with anger .
22 : 12 If the priest ' s daughter also be married unto a stranger , she may not eat of an offering of the holy things .
Emma was in no danger of forgetting .
I am afraid of her , as I have told you before , quite afraid of her , because she is so very clever ; but I respect her amazingly , and wish we had such a neighbour at Uppercross ."
They all rose up in preparation for a round game . "
Dashwood ; she had never been used to find wit in the inattention of any one , and could not help looking with surprise at them both .
10 : 17 And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month .
7 : 22 Wherefore thou art great , O LORD God : for there is none like thee , neither is there any God beside thee , according to all that we have heard with our ears .
26 : 12 Then Isaac sowed in that land , and received in the same year an hundredfold : and the LORD blessed him .
2 : 6 Now when this was noised abroad , the multitude came together , and were confounded , because that every man heard them speak in his own language .
To day if ye will hear his voice , 95 : 8 Harden not your heart , as in the provocation , and as in the day of temptation in the wilderness : 95 : 9 When your fathers tempted me , proved me , and saw my work .
are not your ways unequal ?
1 : 14 And ye answered me , and said , The thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do .
41 : 26 The sword of him that layeth at him cannot hold : the spear , the dart , nor the habergeon .
13 : 6 I will sing unto the LORD , because he hath dealt bountifully with me .
22 : 25 Therefore the LORD hath recompensed me according to my righteousness ; according to my cleanness in his eye sight .
Anne gave her credit , indeed , for feelings of great consideration towards herself , in all that related to Kellynch , and it pleased her : especially , as she had satisfied herself in the very first half minute , in the instant even of introduction , that there was not the smallest symptom of any knowledge or suspicion on Mrs Croft ' s side , to give a bias of any sort .
He seemed not merely happy with her , but proud .
44 : 12 Thou sellest thy people for nought , and dost not increase thy wealth by their price .
14 : 13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name , that will I do , that the Father may be glorified in the Son .
28 : 1 The wicked flee when no man pursueth : but the righteous are bold as a lion .
25 : 21 Let integrity and uprightness preserve me ; for I wait on thee .
41 : 14 Fear not , thou worm Jacob , and ye men of Israel ; I will help thee , saith the LORD , and thy redeemer , the Holy One of Israel .
23 : 33 And when they were come to the place , which is called Calvary , there they crucified him , and the malefactors , one on the right hand , and the other on the left .
The man called , and whistled , and looked , but no little horse appeared .
2 : 8 So it came to pass , when the king ' s commandment and his decree was heard , and when many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the palace , to the custody of Hegai , that Esther was brought also unto the king ' s house , to the custody of Hegai , keeper of the women .
Most earnestly did she wish that he might not be too nice , or too observant if Elizabeth were his object ; and that Elizabeth was disposed to believe herself so , and that her friend Mrs Clay was encouraging the idea , seemed apparent by a glance or two between them , while Mr Elliot ' s frequent visits were talked of .
Where did you hear it ?"
While her father spoke , there was a knock at the door .
I have really for some time past , for at least these three months , cared nothing about him .
2 : 25 And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were , Ram the firstborn , and Bunah , and Oren , and Ozem , and Ahijah .
9 : 14 Therefore the LORD will cut off from Israel head and tail , branch and rush , in one day .
repeated Mrs .
" Poor Jane Fairfax !"
and Mrs .
52 : 28 This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive : in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty : 52 : 29 In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from Jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons : 52 : 30 In the three and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the Jews seven hundred forty and five persons : all the persons were four thousand and six hundred .
145 : 2 Every day will I bless thee ; and I will praise thy name for ever and ever .
1 : 17 So all the generations from Abraham to David are fourteen generations ; and from David until the carrying away into Babylon are fourteen generations ; and from the carrying away into Babylon unto Christ are fourteen generations .
9 : 19 Arise , O LORD ; let not man prevail : let the heathen be judged in thy sight .
I have no doubt of its being our carriage with Miss Bates and Jane .
The thought made her suddenly marvellously big and strong and powerful .
None at all , ma ' am , I thank you ."
5 : 15 His legs are as pillars of marble , set upon sockets of fine gold : his countenance is as Lebanon , excellent as the cedars .
I speak from experience .
6 : 51 I am the living bread which came down from heaven : if any man eat of this bread , he shall live for ever : and the bread that I will give is my flesh , which I will give for the life of the world .
1 : 5 And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD : and the priests , Aaron ' s sons , shall bring the blood , and sprinkle the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
9 : 11 And the flesh and the hide he burnt with fire without the camp .
" Oh that they would !"
6 : 4 Then I answered and said unto the angel that talked with me , What are these , my lord ?
37 : 20 Therefore hear now , I pray thee , O my lord the king : let my supplication , I pray thee , be accepted before thee ; that thou cause me not to return to the house of Jonathan the scribe , lest I die there .
Mrs .
Her manners were open , easy , and decided , like one who had no distrust of herself , and no doubts of what to do ; without any approach to coarseness , however , or any want of good humour .
Use your own discretion , however , in communicating to her what I have told you .
And the king said , Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown , and then return .
As soon as his mother opened the door he said , " Is the kettle boiling ?"
30 : 29 And he said unto him , Thou knowest how I have served thee , and how thy cattle was with me .
2 : 21 Was not Abraham our father justified by works , when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar ?
39 : 23 The quiver rattleth against him , the glittering spear and the shield .
Jennings and Charlotte .
said Margery . "
" He is very plain , undoubtedly -- remarkably plain :-- but that is nothing compared with his entire want of gentility .
119 : 68 Thou art good , and doest good ; teach me thy statutes .
4 : 13 And he said , O my LORD , send , I pray thee , by the hand of him whom thou wilt send .
49 : 9 If grapegatherers come to thee , would they not leave some gleaning grapes ?
But this does not acquit _him_ , Mrs .
5 : 14 I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly .
3 : 9 So do God to Abner , and more also , except , as the LORD hath sworn to David , even so I do to him ; 3 : 10 To translate the kingdom from the house of Saul , and to set up the throne of David over Israel and over Judah , from Dan even to Beersheba .
I found Harriet more conversable than I expected ."
16 : 8 For the fields of Heshbon languish , and the vine of Sibmah : the lords of the heathen have broken down the principal plants thereof , they are come even unto Jazer , they wandered through the wilderness : her branches are stretched out , they are gone over the sea .
and as for darkness , where is the place thereof , 38 : 20 That thou shouldest take it to the bound thereof , and that thou shouldest know the paths to the house thereof ?
Jennings to be Lady Middleton ' s mother .
17 : 26 And they shall come from the cities of Judah , and from the places about Jerusalem , and from the land of Benjamin , and from the plain , and from the mountains , and from the south , bringing burnt offerings , and sacrifices , and meat offerings , and incense , and bringing sacrifices of praise , unto the house of the LORD .
You see he cannot put the card out of his hand ."
6 : 15 And when the servant of the man of God was risen early , and gone forth , behold , an host compassed the city both with horses and chariots .
Campbell are to be in town again by midsummer ," said Jane . "
2 : 18 Consider now from this day and upward , from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month , even from the day that the foundation of the LORD ' s temple was laid , consider it .
11 : 20 By faith Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau concerning things to come .
" Yes -- what should hurt me ?-- I walk fast .
Well , if you give me such kind encouragement , Mr .
46 : 22 In the four corners of the court there were courts joined of forty cubits long and thirty broad : these four corners were of one measure .
Suddenly , from far off in the air toward the great salt lake , there was the sound of flapping wings .
74 : 10 O God , how long shall the adversary reproach ?
" Take care , Margaret .
Emma ' s confusion , and the acknowledged intimacy , seemed to declare her affection engaged .
Churchill , it would be most natural , that while she makes no sacrifice for the comfort of the husband , to whom she owes every thing , while she exercises incessant caprice towards _him_ , she should frequently be governed by the nephew , to whom she owes nothing at all ."
7 : 89 And when Moses was gone into the tabernacle of the congregation to speak with him , then he heard the voice of one speaking unto him from off the mercy seat that was upon the ark of testimony , from between the two cherubims : and he spake unto him .
10 : 30 For if I by grace be a partaker , why am I evil spoken of for that for which I give thanks ?
" Certainly , there can be no difference ; for Robert will now to all intents and purposes be considered as the eldest son ;-- and as to any thing else , they are both very agreeable young men : I do not know that one is superior to the other ."
18 : 25 And Moses chose able men out of all Israel , and made them heads over the people , rulers of thousands , rulers of hundreds , rulers of fifties , and rulers of tens .
10 : 14 Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people , and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled , as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle : the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children .
Can anything be more galling to the spirit of a man ," continued John , " than to see his younger brother in possession of an estate which might have been his own ?
11 : 1 Therefore thou shalt love the LORD thy God , and keep his charge , and his statutes , and his judgments , and his commandments , alway .
" When I talked of your being altered by time , by the progress of years ," said John Knightley , " I meant to imply the change of situation which time usually brings .
30 : 23 Then shall he give the rain of thy seed , that thou shalt sow the ground withal ; and bread of the increase of the earth , and it shall be fat and plenteous : in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures .
25 : 3 And Jokshan begat Sheba , and Dedan .
14 : 29 Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam , and all that he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
12 : 9 Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there : and they came not for Jesus ' sake only , but that they might see Lazarus also , whom he had raised from the dead .
38 : 7 And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar , to bear it withal ; he made the altar hollow with boards .
5 : 11 And thus they returned us answer , saying , We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth , and build the house that was builded these many years ago , which a great king of Israel builded and set up .
Oh !
Dashwood should live fifteen years we shall be completely taken in ."
50 : 21 These things hast thou done , and I kept silence ; thou thoughtest that I was altogether such an one as thyself : but I will reprove thee , and set them in order before thine eyes .
From his wife ' s account of him she could discern Mr Smith to have been a man of warm feelings , easy temper , careless habits , and not strong understanding , much more amiable than his friend , and very unlike him , led by him , and probably despised by him .
42 : 11 Why art thou cast down , O my soul ?
50 : 25 And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel , saying , God will surely visit you , and ye shall carry up my bones from hence .
2 : 26 Then Abner called to Joab , and said , Shall the sword devour for ever ?
And how beautiful we thought he looked !
18 : 30 Now the king of Syria had commanded the captains of the chariots that were with him , saying , Fight ye not with small or great , save only with the king of Israel .
2 : 18 For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted , he is able to succour them that are tempted .
Her wretchedness I could have borne , but her passion -- her malice -- At all events it must be appeased .
And he divided the children unto Leah , and unto Rachel , and unto the two handmaids .
said Emma playfully . "
27 : 9 And if it be a beast , whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD , all that any man giveth of such unto the LORD shall be holy .
again , meaning , for the rest of my life , to be only yours truly ,-- Wm .
89 : 42 Thou hast set up the right hand of his adversaries ; thou hast made all his enemies to rejoice .
.
2 : 13 Which things also we speak , not in the words which man ' s wisdom teacheth , but which the Holy Ghost teacheth ; comparing spiritual things with spiritual .
2 : 12 But I suffer not a woman to teach , nor to usurp authority over the man , but to be in silence .
2 : 5 For neither at any time used we flattering words , as ye know , nor a cloke of covetousness ; God is witness : 2 : 6 Nor of men sought we glory , neither of you , nor yet of others , when we might have been burdensome , as the apostles of Christ .
She must have been in your own circle ; for as you went with Lady Dalrymple , you were in the seats of grandeur , round the orchestra , of course ."
4 : 5 Behold , I have taught you statutes and judgments , even as the LORD my God commanded me , that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to possess it .
11 : 3 There is a voice of the howling of the shepherds ; for their glory is spoiled : a voice of the roaring of young lions ; for the pride of Jordan is spoiled .
2 : 17 Even so faith , if it hath not works , is dead , being alone .
They knew he was to dine in Lansdown Crescent .
2 : 19 And when Azubah was dead , Caleb took unto him Ephrath , which bare him Hur .
I am doatingly fond of music -- passionately fond ;-- and my friends say I am not entirely devoid of taste ; but as to any thing else , upon my honour my performance is _mediocre_ to the last degree .
Anne could only feel that Charles Hayter was wise .
If he would act in this sort of manner , on principle , consistently , regularly , their little minds would bend to his ."
12 : 9 Also Bakbukiah and Unni , their brethren , were over against them in the watches .
18 : 2 And he smote Moab ; and the Moabites became David ' s servants , and brought gifts .
15 : 3 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received , how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures ; 15 : 4 And that he was buried , and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures : 15 : 5 And that he was seen of Cephas , then of the twelve : 15 : 6 After that , he was seen of above five hundred brethren at once ; of whom the greater part remain unto this present , but some are fallen asleep .
And Pilate saith unto them , Behold the man !
His character is now before you ; expensive , dissipated , and worse than both .
" Donwell !"
When the LORD shall stretch out his hand , both he that helpeth shall fall , and he that is holpen shall fall down , and they all shall fail together .
4 : 24 And he said , Verily I say unto you , No prophet is accepted in his own country .
every plant has just two tiny leaves on it , and shaped the same ; they are roundish , and grow out of the stem at the same place ."
And he steered the little trundle - bed boat straight into the old Moon ' s face , and bumped his nose !
14 : 9 And he took thereof in his hands , and went on eating , and came to his father and mother , and he gave them , and they did eat : but he told not them that he had taken the honey out of the carcase of the lion .
4 : 31 And Gehazi passed on before them , and laid the staff upon the face of the child ; but there was neither voice , nor hearing .
6 : 30 They said therefore unto him , What sign shewest thou then , that we may see , and believe thee ?
4 : 3 And the devil said unto him , If thou be the Son of God , command this stone that it be made bread .
1 : 32 And king David said , Call me Zadok the priest , and Nathan the prophet , and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada .
14 : 1 In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel reigned Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah .
10 : 3 And Moses and Aaron came in unto Pharaoh , and said unto him , Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews , How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me ?
I dare say we shall have nothing to distress us .
8 : 6 Because to every purpose there is time and judgment , therefore the misery of man is great upon him .
Goddard was the mistress of a School -- not of a seminary , or an establishment , or any thing which professed , in long sentences of refined nonsense , to combine liberal acquirements with elegant morality , upon new principles and new systems -- and where young ladies for enormous pay might be screwed out of health and into vanity -- but a real , honest , old - fashioned Boarding - school , where a reasonable quantity of accomplishments were sold at a reasonable price , and where girls might be sent to be out of the way , and scramble themselves into a little education , without any danger of coming back prodigies .
Behold , I was left alone ; these , where had they been ?
thou Jordan , that thou wast driven back ?
Jesus therefore , being wearied with his journey , sat thus on the well : and it was about the sixth hour .
3 : 6 And the angel of the LORD protested unto Joshua , saying , 3 : 7 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; If thou wilt walk in my ways , and if thou wilt keep my charge , then thou shalt also judge my house , and shalt also keep my courts , and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by .
I wish Jane Fairfax very well ; but she tires me to death ."
2 : 13 For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure .
Jennings , " I am sure I shall be monstrous glad of Miss Marianne ' s company , whether Miss Dashwood will go or not , only the more the merrier say I , and I thought it would be more comfortable for them to be together ; because , if they got tired of me , they might talk to one another , and laugh at my old ways behind my back .
She was not in a humour , however , to regard it as an affront , and affecting to take no notice of what passed , by instantly talking of something else , she internally resolved henceforward to catch every opportunity of eyeing the hair and of satisfying herself , beyond all doubt , that it was exactly the shade of her own .
39 : 8 Deliver me from all my transgressions : make me not the reproach of the foolish .
to his own master he standeth or falleth .
34 : 1 And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto the mountain of Nebo , to the top of Pisgah , that is over against Jericho .
We had great amusement with those letters one morning .
My dear Mrs .
5 : 16 And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus , and sought to slay him , because he had done these things on the sabbath day .
48 : 9 The oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length , and of ten thousand in breadth .
16 : 6 We have heard of the pride of Moab ; he is very proud : even of his haughtiness , and his pride , and his wrath : but his lies shall not be so .
55 : 9 Destroy , O Lord , and divide their tongues : for I have seen violence and strife in the city .
As for Mr .
He will suffer enough in them ."
Charles , Anne , must not it ?
no -- I hope I shall not be ridiculous about it .
44 : 21 Neither shall any priest drink wine , when they enter into the inner court .
I am always watching her to admire ; and I do pity her from my heart ."
17 : 13 But when the Jews of Thessalonica had knowledge that the word of God was preached of Paul at Berea , they came thither also , and stirred up the people .
You need not be afraid , Miss Elliot , of your own sweet flower gardens being neglected ."
29 : 5 And he said unto them , Know ye Laban the son of Nahor ?
The joy , the gratitude , the exquisite delight of her sensations may be imagined .
She is fastidious .
He gave back the throne with all his heart , and King Cherry ruled again , with Zelia for his queen .
3 : 14 Multitudes , multitudes in the valley of decision : for the day of the LORD is near in the valley of decision .
11 : 18 Seeing that many glory after the flesh , I will glory also .
We are always meeting with some old friend or other ; the streets full of them every morning ; sure to have plenty of chat ; and then we get away from them all , and shut ourselves in our lodgings , and draw in our chairs , and are snug as if we were at Kellynch , ay , or as we used to be even at North Yarmouth and Deal .
9 : 3 And the king said , Is there not yet any of the house of Saul , that I may shew the kindness of God unto him ?
4 : 17 They zealously affect you , but not well ; yea , they would exclude you , that ye might affect them .
When he had hoppity - kicked a good way , and was near Madrid , he came to a clump of bushes , where the Wind was caught fast .
or hast thou walked in the search of the depth ?
16 : 12 Remember his marvellous works that he hath done , his wonders , and the judgments of his mouth ; 16 : 13 O ye seed of Israel his servant , ye children of Jacob , his chosen ones .
Ah !
After a while , however , he pushed his way out of the woods into the open , and there stood the castle , only a little way ahead !
Though his eyes had been long opened , even before his acquaintance with Elinor began , to her ignorance and a want of liberality in some of her opinions -- they had been equally imputed , by him , to her want of education ; and till her last letter reached him , he had always believed her to be a well - disposed , good - hearted girl , and thoroughly attached to himself .
44 : 24 Wherefore hidest thou thy face , and forgettest our affliction and our oppression ?
But , Anne , only conceive how extraordinary !
And when he died , soon after , he was happy to know that he left Prince Cherry in her hands .
25 : 16 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 25 : 17 Vex the Midianites , and smite them : 25 : 18 For they vex you with their wiles , wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor , and in the matter of Cozbi , the daughter of a prince of Midian , their sister , which was slain in the day of the plague for Peor ' s sake .
6 : 11 O ye Corinthians , our mouth is open unto you , our heart is enlarged .
Mr .
19 : 1 And Saul spake to Jonathan his son , and to all his servants , that they should kill David .
But for Harriet ' s sake , or rather for my own , and as there are no husbands and wives in the case _at_ _present_ , I will break my resolution now ."
26 : 11 And I set my tabernacle among you : and my soul shall not abhor you .
Palmer ' s , it was proposed by the latter that they should all accompany her to some shops where she had business that morning , to which Mrs .
9 : 15 And Jesus said unto them , Can the children of the bridechamber mourn , as long as the bridegroom is with them ?
17 : 17 And Jesse said unto David his son , Take now for thy brethren an ephah of this parched corn , and these ten loaves , and run to the camp of thy brethren ; 17 : 18 And carry these ten cheeses unto the captain of their thousand , and look how thy brethren fare , and take their pledge .
which is , being interpreted , My God , my God , why hast thou forsaken me ?
5 : 37 And no man putteth new wine into old bottles ; else the new wine will burst the bottles , and be spilled , and the bottles shall perish .
44 : 11 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Behold , I will set my face against you for evil , and to cut off all Judah .
Cole of the rise and progress of the affair was so glorious -- the steps so quick , from the accidental rencontre , to the dinner at Mr .
20 : 14 And if a man take a wife and her mother , it is wickedness : they shall be burnt with fire , both he and they ; that there be no wickedness among you .
He took the opposite chair , and for half a minute not a word was said by either . "
" And mine ," added Sir Walter . "
15 : 30 But the soul that doeth ought presumptuously , whether he be born in the land , or a stranger , the same reproacheth the LORD ; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people .
" No , indeed , I have no doubts at all on that head .
She could not have called it either cold or friendly , or anything so certainly as embarrassed .
There was nothing like flirtation between her and her partner .
The consciousness of having done amiss , had exposed her to a thousand inquietudes , and made her captious and irritable to a degree that must have been -- that had been -- hard for him to bear .
12 : 2 And it came to pass , that in the fifth year of king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem , because they had transgressed against the LORD , 12 : 3 With twelve hundred chariots , and threescore thousand horsemen : and the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt ; the Lubims , the Sukkiims , and the Ethiopians .
I wish my health allowed me to be a better neighbour .
And they said , Seven , and a few little fishes .
14 : 11 Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat ; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat : for the LORD hath spoken it .
Nobody had any information to give ; and , after a few more wonderings , Emma said , " You are silent , Miss Fairfax -- but I hope you mean to take an interest in this news .
52 : 16 But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left certain of the poor of the land for vinedressers and for husbandmen .
And is no allowance to be made for inadvertence , or for spirits depressed by recent disappointment ?
"` Mr .
I am glad I did not think of it before .
of Mr .
5 : 9 I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators : 5 : 10 Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world , or with the covetous , or extortioners , or with idolaters ; for then must ye needs go out of the world .
1 : 53 He hath filled the hungry with good things ; and the rich he hath sent empty away .
8 : 12 And he sighed deeply in his spirit , and saith , Why doth this generation seek after a sign ?
2 : 8 And he took him a potsherd to scrape himself withal ; and he sat down among the ashes .
Could the knowledge have been extended through her family ?
So David bought the threshingfloor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver .
They don ' t have to be very special in shape , you see , because they don ' t stay on the plant after it is grown up ."
36 : 20 Desire not the night , when people are cut off in their place .
She could see that it took real skill and strength to keep the line even , and to avoid the stones .
I never saw such fine children in my life .-- I declare I quite doat upon them already , and indeed I am always distractedly fond of children ."
16 : 25 For great is the LORD , and greatly to be praised : he also is to be feared above all gods .
he hath both spoken unto me , and himself hath done it : I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul .
6 : 2 Therefore when thou doest thine alms , do not sound a trumpet before thee , as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets , that they may have glory of men .
Nobody could do much .
31 : 17 She girdeth her loins with strength , and strengtheneth her arms .
First Moses saith , I will provoke you to jealousy by them that are no people , and by a foolish nation I will anger you .
27 : 19 When he was set down on the judgment seat , his wife sent unto him , saying , Have thou nothing to do with that just man : for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him .
8 : 29 And Jerubbaal the son of Joash went and dwelt in his own house .
42 : 12 Let them give glory unto the LORD , and declare his praise in the islands .
And the evening and the morning were the first day .
Too much indebted to the event for his acquittal .-- No judge of his own manners by you .-- Always deceived in fact by his own wishes , and regardless of little besides his own convenience .-- Fancying you to have fathomed his secret .
cannot my taste discern perverse things ?
Knightley , " but he is no complimenter ; and though I well know him to have , likewise , a most brotherly affection for you , he is so far from making flourishes , that any other young woman might think him rather cool in her praise .
Lucy first put an end to it by saying in a lower tone , though Marianne was then giving them the powerful protection of a very magnificent concerto -- " I will honestly tell you of one scheme which has lately come into my head , for bringing matters to bear ; indeed I am bound to let you into the secret , for you are a party concerned .
" Then I ' ll go to the woods , so that the animals may see me ," said Little Jack . "
" This will probably be the case ," he replied ; " and yet there is something so amiable in the prejudices of a young mind , that one is sorry to see them give way to the reception of more general opinions ."
She was a widow and poor .
21 : 13 From thence they removed , and pitched on the other side of Arnon , which is in the wilderness that cometh out of the coasts of the Amorites : for Arnon is the border of Moab , between Moab and the Amorites .
Mr .
35 : 19 And Rachel died , and was buried in the way to Ephrath , which is Bethlehem .
And I set a great assembly against them .
20 : 8 A king that sitteth in the throne of judgment scattereth away all evil with his eyes .
22 : 20 Have not I written to thee excellent things in counsels and knowledge , 22 : 21 That I might make thee know the certainty of the words of truth ; that thou mightest answer the words of truth to them that send unto thee ?
23 : 9 Nevertheless the priests of the high places came not up to the altar of the LORD in Jerusalem , but they did eat of the unleavened bread among their brethren .
Death was listening to the song , too ; and when it was done and the Emperor begged for more , Death , too , said , " Please sing again , little Nightingale !"
10 : 17 When they stood , these stood ; and when they were lifted up , these lifted up themselves also : for the spirit of the living creature was in them .
I will say that for you ."
I will lay mine hand upon my mouth .
3 : 1 Now Peter and John went up together into the temple at the hour of prayer , being the ninth hour .
38 : 33 Knowest thou the ordinances of heaven ?
49 : 5 Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil , when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about ?
29 : 10 For thus saith the LORD , That after seventy years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit you , and perform my good word toward you , in causing you to return to this place .
11 : 30 And Jephthah vowed a vow unto the LORD , and said , If thou shalt without fail deliver the children of Ammon into mine hands , 11 : 31 Then it shall be , that whatsoever cometh forth of the doors of my house to meet me , when I return in peace from the children of Ammon , shall surely be the LORD ' s , and I will offer it up for a burnt offering .
And he wanted to get wings and a tail So he did get some wings and a tail .
81 : 7 Thou calledst in trouble , and I delivered thee ; I answered thee in the secret place of thunder : I proved thee at the waters of Meribah .
How quick come the reasons for approving what we like !
This put him in such a bad temper that he grumbled and scolded all the way home .
17 : 18 There are not found that returned to give glory to God , save this stranger .
But the rain was also a mere trifle to Mrs Clay ; she would hardly allow it even to drop at all , and her boots were so thick !
He took some music from a chair near the pianoforte , and turning to Emma , said , " Here is something quite new to me .
The Kellynch property was good , but not equal to Sir Walter ' s apprehension of the state required in its possessor .
20 : 41 I will accept you with your sweet savour , when I bring you out from the people , and gather you out of the countries wherein ye have been scattered ; and I will be sanctified in you before the heathen .
To provide for her otherwise was out of Colonel Campbell ' s power ; for though his income , by pay and appointments , was handsome , his fortune was moderate and must be all his daughter ' s ; but , by giving her an education , he hoped to be supplying the means of respectable subsistence hereafter .
He had explained away all the appearance of neglect on his own side .
18 : 7 The nakedness of thy father , or the nakedness of thy mother , shalt thou not uncover : she is thy mother ; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness .
Do you think he had the Elliot countenance ?
17 : 3 And , behold , there appeared unto them Moses and Elias talking with him .
After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber .
The hermit stood and looked at him with terror and sadness , for he felt that he was looking at his own soul .
I am sorry Mr .
Being pretty well aware of what sort of joy you must both be feeling , I have been in no hurry with my congratulations ; but I hope it all went off tolerably well .
29 : 26 And on the fifth day nine bullocks , two rams , and fourteen lambs of the first year without spot : 29 : 27 And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 28 And one goat for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , and his meat offering , and his drink offering .
24 : 4 Notwithstanding the king ' s word prevailed against Joab , and against the captains of the host .
She was proved to have been universally mistaken ; and she had not quite done nothing -- for she had done mischief .
Emma had not another word to oppose .
4 : 33 The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon Nebuchadnezzar : and he was driven from men , and did eat grass as oxen , and his body was wet with the dew of heaven , till his hairs were grown like eagles ' feathers , and his nails like birds ' claws .
One day he thought of a plan .
I must do THIS justice to Mr .
or thirsty , and gave thee drink ?
" Thank you , but I would rather you did not mention the subject to her ; till the time draws nearer , I do not wish to be giving any body trouble ."
8 : 3 Doth God pervert judgment ?
Lady Russell was now perfectly decided in her opinion of Mr Elliot .
and what wisdom is this which is given unto him , that even such mighty works are wrought by his hands ?
In spite of the answer , therefore , she ordered the carriage , and drove to Mrs .
Every body does not hunt ."
These were claims which he did not learn to overlook , though some years passed away from the death of poor Fairfax , before his own return to England put any thing in his power .
8 : 4 And his disciples answered him , From whence can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness ?
It was some minutes before she could go on with her letter , and the frequent bursts of grief which still obliged her , at intervals , to withhold her pen , were proofs enough of her feeling how more than probable it was that she was writing for the last time to Willoughby .
4 : 8 Woe unto us !
Abraham is dead , and the prophets ; and thou sayest , If a man keep my saying , he shall never taste of death .
But I do not think it is at all a likely thing for him to do .
1 : 44 And when Bela was dead , Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead .
Jennings has heard all about it .
I have been making discoveries and forming plans , just like yourself , and I must tell them while the idea is fresh .
To be sure , twice every year , when they killed a sheep for food , they gave half to their poorer neighbours . "
5 : 11 They that are delivered from the noise of archers in the places of drawing water , there shall they rehearse the righteous acts of the LORD , even the righteous acts toward the inhabitants of his villages in Israel : then shall the people of the LORD go down to the gates .
And the sons of Shammai ; Nadab and Abishur .
18 : 10 The snare is laid for him in the ground , and a trap for him in the way .
You may guess , therefore , that the news he heard from his friend could not be very agreeable , and you may guess what it produced ; the resolution of coming back to Bath as soon as possible , and of fixing himself here for a time , with the view of renewing his former acquaintance , and recovering such a footing in the family as might give him the means of ascertaining the degree of his danger , and of circumventing the lady if he found it material .
I can support her myself .
It went on like this until the shoemaker and his wife were prosperous people .
37 : 22 For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth ; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off .
17 : 6 Wheresoever I have walked with all Israel , spake I a word to any of the judges of Israel , whom I commanded to feed my people , saying , Why have ye not built me an house of cedars ?
" Pray , pray be composed ," cried Elinor , " and do not betray what you feel to every body present .
Colonel Brandon , who had a general invitation to the house , was with them almost every day ; he came to look at Marianne and talk to Elinor , who often derived more satisfaction from conversing with him than from any other daily occurrence , but who saw at the same time with much concern his continued regard for her sister .
Mrs .
Dashwood , who felt obliged to hope that he had left Mrs .
Sir John was a sportsman , Lady Middleton a mother .
or who hath stretched the line upon it ?
And it was entirely for HER sake , and upon HER account , that he said a word about being off , and not upon his own .
In the gayest and happiest spirits she set forward with her father ; not always listening , but always agreeing to what he said ; and , whether in speech or silence , conniving at the comfortable persuasion of his being obliged to go to Randalls every day , or poor Mrs .
20 : 9 Then I said , I will not make mention of him , nor speak any more in his name .
60 : 12 For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish ; yea , those nations shall be utterly wasted .
21 : 13 And he changed his behaviour before them , and feigned himself mad in their hands , and scrabbled on the doors of the gate , and let his spittle fall down upon his beard .
7 : 18 And he made the pillars , and two rows round about upon the one network , to cover the chapiters that were upon the top , with pomegranates : and so did he for the other chapiter .
1 : 39 And Mary arose in those days , and went into the hill country with haste , into a city of Juda ; 1 : 40 And entered into the house of Zacharias , and saluted Elisabeth .
3 : 1 This know also , that in the last days perilous times shall come .
9 : 36 Now there was at Joppa a certain disciple named Tabitha , which by interpretation is called Dorcas : this woman was full of good works and almsdeeds which she did .
3 : 6 When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father , saying , Thou hast clothing , be thou our ruler , and let this ruin be under thy hand : 3 : 7 In that day shall he swear , saying , I will not be an healer ; for in my house is neither bread nor clothing : make me not a ruler of the people .
9 : 23 Jesus said unto him , If thou canst believe , all things are possible to him that believeth .
" Only one more , papa ; only for Mr .
Weston ' s having mentioned it in one of her letters to Enscombe , many weeks ago , with all these particulars -- but as she declares she never heard a syllable of it before , of course it must have been a dream .
What a letter the man writes !"
You talk of being proud ; I am called proud , I know , and I shall not wish to believe myself otherwise ; for our pride , if investigated , would have the same object , I have no doubt , though the kind may seem a little different .
You cannot think how happy I shall be !
There was , at times , a want of spirits about him which , if it did not denote indifference , spoke of something almost as unpromising .
23 : 17 They say still unto them that despise me , The LORD hath said , Ye shall have peace ; and they say unto every one that walketh after the imagination of his own heart , No evil shall come upon you .
19 : 29 Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar : and they filled a spunge with vinegar , and put it upon hyssop , and put it to his mouth .
6 : 19 To cast out all thine enemies from before thee , as the LORD hath spoken .
1 : 43 And whence is this to me , that the mother of my Lord should come to me ?
Have you forgot that we are engaged to Camden Place to - morrow night ?
They think Charles might not be learned and bookish enough to please Lady Russell , and that therefore , she persuaded Anne to refuse him ."
26 : 13 Verily I say unto you , Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world , there shall also this , that this woman hath done , be told for a memorial of her .
31 : 27 Behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will sow the house of Israel and the house of Judah with the seed of man , and with the seed of beast .
One always knows beforehand what the dinner will be , and who will be there ; and it is so very uncomfortable not having a carriage of one ' s own .
Yes ," said Death ; and the little Nightingale bought the Emperor ' s crown for a song . "
21 : 3 Then said Jeremiah unto them , Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah : 21 : 4 Thus saith the LORD God of Israel ; Behold , I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , wherewith ye fight against the king of Babylon , and against the Chaldeans , which besiege you without the walls , and I will assemble them into the midst of this city .
Weston , with her baby on her knee , indulging in such reflections as these , was one of the happiest women in the world .
50 : 17 Israel is a scattered sheep ; the lions have driven him away : first the king of Assyria hath devoured him ; and last this Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath broken his bones .
I should say so , but that I suppose there may be a hundred different ways of being in love .
Charles shewed himself at the window , all was ready , their visitor had bowed and was gone , the Miss Musgroves were gone too , suddenly resolving to walk to the end of the village with the sportsmen : the room was cleared , and Anne might finish her breakfast as she could . "
On their first coming into the country , they had lived in proportion to their income , quietly , keeping little company , and that little unexpensively ; but the last year or two had brought them a considerable increase of means -- the house in town had yielded greater profits , and fortune in general had smiled on them .
" Yes ," said the little Jackal . "
20 : 3 And David sware moreover , and said , Thy father certainly knoweth that I have found grace in thine eyes ; and he saith , Let not Jonathan know this , lest he be grieved : but truly as the LORD liveth , and as thy soul liveth , there is but a step between me and death .
47 : 2 And he took some of his brethren , even five men , and presented them unto Pharaoh .
So it was soon agreed that the garden should be the first thing attended to .
6 : 13 And when it was day , he called unto him his disciples : and of them he chose twelve , whom also he named apostles ; 6 : 14 Simon , ( whom he also named Peter ,) and Andrew his brother , James and John , Philip and Bartholomew , 6 : 15 Matthew and Thomas , James the son of Alphaeus , and Simon called Zelotes , 6 : 16 And Judas the brother of James , and Judas Iscariot , which also was the traitor .
Then I was very sore afraid , 2 : 3 And said unto the king , Let the king live for ever : why should not my countenance be sad , when the city , the place of my fathers ' sepulchres , lieth waste , and the gates thereof are consumed with fire ?
" Ah !
I admire them much more if they are tall , straight , and flourishing .
4 : 22 For they are life unto those that find them , and health to all their flesh .
She felt your full meaning .
How can we take you with us ?"
The way to carry butter is to wrap it up in some leaves and take it down to the brook , and cool it in the water , and cool it in the water , and cool it in the water , and then take it on your hands , careful , and bring it along home ."
24 : 2 And it shall be , as with the people , so with the priest ; as with the servant , so with his master ; as with the maid , so with her mistress ; as with the buyer , so with the seller ; as with the lender , so with the borrower ; as with the taker of usury , so with the giver of usury to him .
I never could have been happy with him , after knowing , as sooner or later I must have known , all this .-- I should have had no confidence , no esteem .
Had Edward been intentionally deceiving her ?
24 : 10 And the son of an Israelitish woman , whose father was an Egyptian , went out among the children of Israel : and this son of the Israelitish woman and a man of Israel strove together in the camp ; 24 : 11 And the Israelitish woman ' s son blasphemed the name of the Lord , and cursed .
8 : 17 I love them that love me ; and those that seek me early shall find me .
32 : 2 And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind , and a covert from the tempest ; as rivers of water in a dry place , as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land .
A very decent shot , and there is not a bolder rider in England ."
What do you take his age to be ?'
Five couple are nothing , when one thinks seriously about it .
10 : 14 Go and cry unto the gods which ye have chosen ; let them deliver you in the time of your tribulation .
Still the crab went backward .
7 : 4 Thy neck is as a tower of ivory ; thine eyes like the fishpools in Heshbon , by the gate of Bathrabbim : thy nose is as the tower of Lebanon which looketh toward Damascus .
Suckling , sometimes flies about .
Then the men of David sware unto him , saying , Thou shalt go no more out with us to battle , that thou quench not the light of Israel .
I avoided the Middletons as much as possible , as well as everybody else who was likely to prove an acquaintance in common .
Such was her parting concern ; for after this , she had time only to pay her farewell compliments to Mrs .
5 : 9 And he asked him , What is thy name ?
14 : 18 He said , Bring them hither to me .
And away she went ; but returning again in a moment , " I have just been thinking of Betty ' s sister , my dear .
9 : 28 And Gaal the son of Ebed said , Who is Abimelech , and who is Shechem , that we should serve him ?
And they that were crucified with him reviled him .
for then would I fly away , and be at rest .
5 : 14 Ye are the light of the world .
not one .
19 : 1 In the third month , when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt , the same day came they into the wilderness of Sinai .
5 : 43 I am come in my Father ' s name , and ye receive me not : if another shall come in his own name , him ye will receive .
29 : 7 The voice of the LORD divideth the flames of fire .
It was all general approbation and smoothness ; nothing delineated or distinguished .
Only give me a carte - blanche .-- I am Lady Patroness , you know .
14 : 29 Rejoice not thou , whole Palestina , because the rod of him that smote thee is broken : for out of the serpent ' s root shall come forth a cockatrice , and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent .
Well , I shall bring Jane with me -- Jane and her aunt .-- The rest I leave to you .
In the midst of it , the jester broke through the crowd and threw himself before the Pope . "
Knightley ' s going to London had been an unexpected blow . "
8 : 5 And Moses said unto the congregation , This is the thing which the LORD commanded to be done .
25 : 9 But the wise answered , saying , Not so ; lest there be not enough for us and you : but go ye rather to them that sell , and buy for yourselves .
109 : 28 Let them curse , but bless thou : when they arise , let them be ashamed ; but let thy servant rejoice .
Suckling , who has been eleven years a resident at Maple Grove , and whose father had it before him -- I believe , at least -- I am almost sure that old Mr .
9 : 31 For he taught his disciples , and said unto them , The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men , and they shall kill him ; and after that he is killed , he shall rise the third day .
The morning of the interesting day arrived , and Mrs .
127 : 3 Lo , children are an heritage of the LORD : and the fruit of the womb is his reward .
They sent therefore fifty men ; and they sought three days , but found him not .
15 : 3 Now go and smite Amalek , and utterly destroy all that they have , and spare them not ; but slay both man and woman , infant and suckling , ox and sheep , camel and ass .
9 : 51 And it came to pass , when the time was come that he should be received up , he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem , 9 : 52 And sent messengers before his face : and they went , and entered into a village of the Samaritans , to make ready for him .
6 : 14 And the crowns shall be to Helem , and to Tobijah , and to Jedaiah , and to Hen the son of Zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of the LORD .
147 : 16 He giveth snow like wool : he scattereth the hoarfrost like ashes .
49 : 25 But thus saith the LORD , Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away , and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered : for I will contend with him that contendeth with thee , and I will save thy children .
8 : 6 This they said , tempting him , that they might have to accuse him .
1 : 20 And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites , even unto Zarephath ; and the captivity of Jerusalem , which is in Sepharad , shall possess the cities of the south .
I have a great idea that you do not design to be cruel , when the right moment occurs .
1 : 26 And they gave forth their lots ; and the lot fell upon Matthias ; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles .
14 : 9 And if the prophet be deceived when he hath spoken a thing , I the LORD have deceived that prophet , and I will stretch out my hand upon him , and will destroy him from the midst of my people Israel .
With what indignation such a letter as this must be read by Miss Dashwood , may be imagined .
17 : 30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed .
26 : 26 For the king knoweth of these things , before whom also I speak freely : for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him ; for this thing was not done in a corner .
3 : 9 But they shall proceed no further : for their folly shall be manifest unto all men , as their ' s also was .
Mr .
Elinor told him the number of the house . "
Jennings at the door in her way to the carriage , as he came to leave his farewell card ; and she , after apologising for not returning herself , had obliged him to enter , by saying that Miss Dashwood was above , and wanted to speak with him on very particular business .
It shall be a statute for ever in your generations : ye shall celebrate it in the seventh month .
She had great pleasure in hearing Frank Churchill talked of ; and , for his sake , greater pleasure than ever in seeing Mr .
He came to them every day .
115 : 17 The dead praise not the LORD , neither any that go down into silence .
20 : 39 Then certain of the scribes answering said , Master , thou hast well said .
23 : 3 Then said Paul unto him , God shall smite thee , thou whited wall : for sittest thou to judge me after the law , and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law ?
14 : 22 And as they did eat , Jesus took bread , and blessed , and brake it , and gave to them , and said , Take , eat : this is my body .
4 : 10 The roaring of the lion , and the voice of the fierce lion , and the teeth of the young lions , are broken .
It was but a card party , it was but a mixture of those who had never met before , and those who met too often ; a commonplace business , too numerous for intimacy , too small for variety ; but Anne had never found an evening shorter .
He is a man ," said Lady Russell , " whom I have no wish to see .
5 : 28 So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies .
15 : 14 And I will make thee to pass with thine enemies into a land which thou knowest not : for a fire is kindled in mine anger , which shall burn upon you .
27 : 6 Of the oaks of Bashan have they made thine oars ; the company of the Ashurites have made thy benches of ivory , brought out of the isles of Chittim .
17 : 34 And David said unto Saul , Thy servant kept his father ' s sheep , and there came a lion , and a bear , and took a lamb out of the flock : 17 : 35 And I went out after him , and smote him , and delivered it out of his mouth : and when he arose against me , I caught him by his beard , and smote him , and slew him .
10 : 17 And the tabernacle was taken down ; and the sons of Gershon and the sons of Merari set forward , bearing the tabernacle .
2 : 19 But when Herod was dead , behold , an angel of the Lord appeareth in a dream to Joseph in Egypt , 2 : 20 Saying , Arise , and take the young child and his mother , and go into the land of Israel : for they are dead which sought the young child ' s life .
Walter ," said she , " get down this moment .
" Will you repeat to your sister when she is recovered , what I have been telling you ?-- Let me be a little lightened too in her opinion as well as in yours .
The heat was excessive ; he had never suffered any thing like it -- almost wished he had staid at home -- nothing killed him like heat -- he could bear any degree of cold , etc ., but heat was intolerable -- and he sat down , at the greatest possible distance from the slight remains of Mr .
His imprudence had made her miserable for a while ; but it seemed to have deprived himself of all chance of ever being otherwise .
Then he thought he would go back up the tiny stairs to his own home .
28 : 9 And as they went to tell his disciples , behold , Jesus met them , saying , All hail .
Charles heard it quite by chance ; they have not had the civility to give me any notice , or of offering to take anything .
" He has not been here yet ," replied Emma . "
1 : 3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ : 1 : 4 According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world , that we should be holy and without blame before him in love : 1 : 5 Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself , according to the good pleasure of his will , 1 : 6 To the praise of the glory of his grace , wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved .
Edward brought us a most charming account of the place : the most complete thing of its kind , he said , that ever was , and you all seemed to enjoy it beyond any thing .
15 : 29 And it came to pass , when he reigned , that he smote all the house of Jeroboam ; he left not to Jeroboam any that breathed , until he had destroyed him , according unto the saying of the LORD , which he spake by his servant Ahijah the Shilonite : 15 : 30 Because of the sins of Jeroboam which he sinned , and which he made Israel sin , by his provocation wherewith he provoked the LORD God of Israel to anger .
And Moses feared , and said , Surely this thing is known .
11 : 1 In the LORD put I my trust : how say ye to my soul , Flee as a bird to your mountain ?
let him be known among the heathen in our sight by the revenging of the blood of thy servants which is shed .
Holy Father , keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me , that they may be one , as we are .
And they watched the gates day and night to kill him .
8 : 2 And if any man think that he knoweth any thing , he knoweth nothing yet as he ought to know .
Tell me that it is all absolutely resolved on , that any attempt , that in short concealment , if concealment be possible , is all that remains ."
8 : 5 And when the Syrians of Damascus came to succour Hadadezer king of Zobah , David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men .
Dixon and Miss Campbell were the persons ; and I thought it a very strong proof ."
Anne ," cried her sister , " you can talk of nothing but beaux ;-- you will make Miss Dashwood believe you think of nothing else ."
Mrs .
23 : 9 Mine heart within me is broken because of the prophets ; all my bones shake ; I am like a drunken man , and like a man whom wine hath overcome , because of the LORD , and because of the words of his holiness .
You provide for the family , you know , ( with a smile at his father ).
11 : 46 And he said , Woe unto you also , ye lawyers !
45 : 4 Thus shalt thou say unto him , The LORD saith thus ; Behold , that which I have built will I break down , and that which I have planted I will pluck up , even this whole land .
I am sure Miss Nash would -- for Miss Nash thinks her own sister very well married , and it is only a linen - draper ."
10 : 23 For the Lord GOD of hosts shall make a consumption , even determined , in the midst of all the land .
Selah .
Sir Walter would quit Kellynch Hall ; and after a very few days more of doubt and indecision , the great question of whither he should go was settled , and the first outline of this important change made out .
said he at last . "
I shall leave off while I am well ."
13 : 16 Or if the raw flesh turn again , and be changed unto white , he shall come unto the priest ; 13 : 17 And the priest shall see him : and , behold , if the plague be turned into white ; then the priest shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague : he is clean .
35 : 18 And there was no passover like to that kept in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet ; neither did all the kings of Israel keep such a passover as Josiah kept , and the priests , and the Levites , and all Judah and Israel that were present , and the inhabitants of Jerusalem .
8 : 49 While he yet spake , there cometh one from the ruler of the synagogue ' s house , saying to him , Thy daughter is dead ; trouble not the Master .
" Don ' t class us together , Harriet .
43 : 26 And when Joseph came home , they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house , and bowed themselves to him to the earth .
But there was nobody there to bring the drum .
15 : 18 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD : he departed not all his days from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin .
none evil can come upon us .
If she had not known him to be in town she would not have written to him , as she did ; she would have written to Combe Magna ; and if he is in town , how odd that he should neither come nor write !
The old sexton heard some one shouting and pounding in the church , and thought it was some drunken vagabond who had stolen in during the service .
can the flag grow without water ?
He must be gone within a few hours , though without feeling any real alarm for his aunt , to lessen his repugnance .
18 : 9 And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous , and despised others : 18 : 10 Two men went up into the temple to pray ; the one a Pharisee , and the other a publican .
" Dear Miss Woodhouse !"
7 : 65 And the Tirshatha said unto them , that they should not eat of the most holy things , till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim .
This is very strange !-- sure he need not wait to be older ."
said Lucy Steele .
10 : 21 When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families , the family of Matri was taken , and Saul the son of Kish was taken : and when they sought him , he could not be found .
11 : 45 Then many of the Jews which came to Mary , and had seen the things which Jesus did , believed on him .
5 : 18 Behold that which I have seen : it is good and comely for one to eat and to drink , and to enjoy the good of all his labour that he taketh under the sun all the days of his life , which God giveth him : for it is his portion .
CHAPTER VIII Harriet slept at Hartfield that night .
And they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bichri , and cast it out to Joab .
" Yes , and you may guess who it is for .
3 : 19 But your wives , and your little ones , and your cattle , ( for I know that ye have much cattle ,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you ; 3 : 20 Until the LORD have given rest unto your brethren , as well as unto you , and until they also possess the land which the LORD your God hath given them beyond Jordan : and then shall ye return every man unto his possession , which I have given you .
And he took him out of her bosom , and carried him up into a loft , where he abode , and laid him upon his own bed .
8 : 10 And Joshua rose up early in the morning , and numbered the people , and went up , he and the elders of Israel , before the people to Ai .
31 : 11 Then Hezekiah commanded to prepare chambers in the house of the LORD ; and they prepared them , 31 : 12 And brought in the offerings and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully : over which Cononiah the Levite was ruler , and Shimei his brother was the next .
he cried ; " I am your brother , Robert of Sicily !
She would not look again .
21 : 8 And the next day we that were of Paul ' s company departed , and came unto Caesarea : and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist , which was one of the seven ; and abode with him .
3 : 13 He that hath an ear , let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches .
12 : 20 Now there were seven brethren : and the first took a wife , and dying left no seed .
He ought not ; he does not ."
At the splash the Frogs were terribly frightened , and dived into their holes to hide from King Log .
The plan was that she should be brought up for educating others ; the very few hundred pounds which she inherited from her father making independence impossible .
And he answering said unto them , Thou sayest it .
17 : 13 The nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters : but God shall rebuke them , and they shall flee far off , and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before the wind , and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind .
Dost thou know who made thee ?
" Do you know Miss Bates ' s niece ?
12 : 13 And David said unto Nathan , I have sinned against the LORD .
" Yes , you have certainly removed something -- a little .-- You have proved yourself , on the whole , less faulty than I had believed you .
1 : 17 And when I saw him , I fell at his feet as dead .
or is it too short ?"
26 : 24 And as he thus spake for himself , Festus said with a loud voice , Paul , thou art beside thyself ; much learning doth make thee mad .
115 : 5 They have mouths , but they speak not : eyes have they , but they see not : 115 : 6 They have ears , but they hear not : noses have they , but they smell not : 115 : 7 They have hands , but they handle not : feet have they , but they walk not : neither speak they through their throat .
Goddard would be very much surprized if she knew what had happened .
34 : 18 Is it fit to say to a king , Thou art wicked ?
Nothing can stand more retired from the road than Maple Grove .
I assure you they are very genteel people .
cried Sir Walter . "
A young farmer , whether on horseback or on foot , is the very last sort of person to raise my curiosity .
" My dear ma ' am ," said Elinor , " what can you be thinking of ?-- Why , Colonel Brandon ' s only object is to be of use to Mr .
So the people were restrained from bringing .
5 : 34 Then stood there up one in the council , a Pharisee , named Gamaliel , a doctor of the law , had in reputation among all the people , and commanded to put the apostles forth a little space ; 5 : 35 And said unto them , Ye men of Israel , take heed to yourselves what ye intend to do as touching these men .
48 : 8 And Israel beheld Joseph ' s sons , and said , Who are these ?
then shalt thou answer them , Like as ye have forsaken me , and served strange gods in your land , so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your ' s .
11 : 20 But Sihon trusted not Israel to pass through his coast : but Sihon gathered all his people together , and pitched in Jahaz , and fought against Israel .
41 : 4 Who hath wrought and done it , calling the generations from the beginning ?
I thought you meant to go with me .
89 : 27 Also I will make him my firstborn , higher than the kings of the earth .
The people who went after him followed him until they came to the place where the lion was , and the lion said to them , " The tailor and his wife were here yesterday .
But she had an almost instant doubt of his caring for her as he had done , of his feeling the same tenderness in the same degree .
1 : 8 For if these things be in you , and abound , they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ .
18 : 13 And if so be that he find it , verily I say unto you , he rejoiceth more of that sheep , than of the ninety and nine which went not astray .
Then it was very still for a long time .
10 : 17 And he made three hundred shields of beaten gold ; three pound of gold went to one shield : and the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon .
3 : 16 Nevertheless , whereto we have already attained , let us walk by the same rule , let us mind the same thing .
21 : 32 And out of the tribe of Naphtali , Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs , to be a city of refuge for the slayer ; and Hammothdor with her suburbs , and Kartan with her suburbs ; three cities .
And he said unto him , I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah , and I go to sojourn where I may find a place .
she cried .--" Well !"
26 : 20 Where no wood is , there the fire goeth out : so where there is no talebearer , the strife ceaseth .
27 : 1 The word of the LORD came again unto me , saying , 27 : 2 Now , thou son of man , take up a lamentation for Tyrus ; 27 : 3 And say unto Tyrus , O thou that art situate at the entry of the sea , which art a merchant of the people for many isles , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; O Tyrus , thou hast said , I am of perfect beauty .
She liked him , however , upon the whole , much better than she had expected , and in her heart was not sorry that she could like him no more ;-- not sorry to be driven by the observation of his Epicurism , his selfishness , and his conceit , to rest with complacency on the remembrance of Edward ' s generous temper , simple taste , and diffident feelings .
It would be most right , and most wise , and , therefore must involve least suffering to go with the others .
A poet in love must be encouraged in both capacities , or neither .
33 : 16 For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight ?
When he was present she had no eyes for any one else .
" That was all .
34 : 8 And Hamor communed with them , saying , The soul of my son Shechem longeth for your daughter : I pray you give her him to wife .
20 : 15 Cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father , saying , A man child is born unto thee ; making him very glad .
You would not think it perhaps , but Marianne WAS remarkably handsome a few months ago ; quite as handsome as Elinor .-- Now you see it is all gone ."
I should never think of standing on such ceremony with people I know so well as Mrs and the Miss Musgroves ."
But it is not in my power to delay my journey for one day !"
33 : 4 For the Egyptians buried all their firstborn , which the LORD had smitten among them : upon their gods also the LORD executed judgments .
85 : 2 Thou hast forgiven the iniquity of thy people , thou hast covered all their sin .
" They are to be put into Mr .
21 : 1 Then came David to Nob to Ahimelech the priest : and Ahimelech was afraid at the meeting of David , and said unto him , Why art thou alone , and no man with thee ?
And that you are very likely to do very soon , I can tell you , ma ' am ," said Charles . "
So Samuel rose up , and went to Ramah .
3 : 4 And Mesha king of Moab was a sheepmaster , and rendered unto the king of Israel an hundred thousand lambs , and an hundred thousand rams , with the wool .
3 : 14 For we are made partakers of Christ , if we hold the beginning of our confidence stedfast unto the end ; 3 : 15 While it is said , To day if ye will hear his voice , harden not your hearts , as in the provocation .
There was a strong expectation of his coming soon after the marriage , but it ended in nothing ; and I have not heard him mentioned lately ."
Marianne might at that moment be dying .
This would not , in itself , have been sufficient for the delicacy of Miss Dashwood ;-- but it was inforced with so much real politeness by Mr .
Well , now , you hear me , Epaminondas , _you be careful how you step on those pies_ !"
22 : 17 I may tell all my bones : they look and stare upon me .
17 : 20 And when Absalom ' s servants came to the woman to the house , they said , Where is Ahimaaz and Jonathan ?
He had found her agitated and low .-- Frank Churchill was a villain .-- He heard her declare that she had never loved him .
119 : 140 Thy word is very pure : therefore thy servant loveth it .
Elinor found that he and Fanny had been in town two days . "
42 : 18 And Joseph said unto them the third day , This do , and live ; for I fear God : 42 : 19 If ye be true men , let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your prison : go ye , carry corn for the famine of your houses : 42 : 20 But bring your youngest brother unto me ; so shall your words be verified , and ye shall not die .
8 : 10 And the third angel sounded , and there fell a great star from heaven , burning as it were a lamp , and it fell upon the third part of the rivers , and upon the fountains of waters ; 8 : 11 And the name of the star is called Wormwood : and the third part of the waters became wormwood ; and many men died of the waters , because they were made bitter .
14 : 7 And he went down , and talked with the woman ; and she pleased Samson well .
Is it very ugly ?"
Bates ' s ; whose house was a little nearer Randalls than Ford ' s ; and had all but knocked , when Emma caught their eye .-- Immediately they crossed the road and came forward to her ; and the agreeableness of yesterday ' s engagement seemed to give fresh pleasure to the present meeting .
69 : 24 Pour out thine indignation upon them , and let thy wrathful anger take hold of them .
Cake !"
3 : 1 Then Solomon began to build the house of the LORD at Jerusalem in mount Moriah , where the Lord appeared unto David his father , in the place that David had prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite .
3 : 12 He hath bent his bow , and set me as a mark for the arrow .
24 : 2 And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house , that ruled over all that he had , Put , I pray thee , thy hand under my thigh : 24 : 3 And I will make thee swear by the LORD , the God of heaven , and the God of the earth , that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites , among whom I dwell : 24 : 4 But thou shalt go unto my country , and to my kindred , and take a wife unto my son Isaac .
5 : 41 And they departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer shame for his name .
Elton ' s absence just at this time was the very thing to be desired .
89 : 12 The north and the south thou hast created them : Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy name .
13 : 3 Surely I would speak to the Almighty , and I desire to reason with God .
28 : 11 And the LORD shall make thee plenteous in goods , in the fruit of thy body , and in the fruit of thy cattle , and in the fruit of thy ground , in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers to give thee .
3 : 13 For they that have used the office of a deacon well purchase to themselves a good degree , and great boldness in the faith which is in Christ Jesus .
It was very desirable that the connexion should be renewed , if it could be done , without any compromise of propriety on the side of the Elliots ."
Cole has servants to send .
-- cried Elinor , more and more at a loss to understand what he would be at . "
With regard to Charles Hayter , she had delicacy which must be pained by any lightness of conduct in a well - meaning young woman , and a heart to sympathize in any of the sufferings it occasioned ; but if Henrietta found herself mistaken in the nature of her feelings , the alternation could not be understood too soon .
7 : 10 For Moses said , Honour thy father and thy mother ; and , Whoso curseth father or mother , let him die the death : 7 : 11 But ye say , If a man shall say to his father or mother , It is Corban , that is to say , a gift , by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me ; he shall be free .
4 : 3 For thus saith the LORD to the men of Judah and Jerusalem , Break up your fallow ground , and sow not among thorns .
46 : 11 The LORD of hosts is with us ; the God of Jacob is our refuge .
And his mother ' s name was Abijah , the daughter of Zechariah .
are not ye my work in the Lord ?
23 : 8 Neither left she her whoredoms brought from Egypt : for in her youth they lay with her , and they bruised the breasts of her virginity , and poured their whoredom upon her .
" Alas , I cannot make him good ," said the fairy ; " he must do that for himself .
Gray ' s shop , as in her own bedroom .
1 : 16 Do not err , my beloved brethren .
20 : 21 And the king of Israel went out , and smote the horses and chariots , and slew the Syrians with a great slaughter .
No other visitor appeared that evening , and the ladies were unanimous in agreeing to go early to bed .
While he was so dull , it was no wonder that Harriet should be dull likewise ; and they were both insufferable .
26 : 14 And when we were all fallen to the earth , I heard a voice speaking unto me , and saying in the Hebrew tongue , Saul , Saul , why persecutest thou me ?
4 : 11 Now also many nations are gathered against thee , that say , Let her be defiled , and let our eye look upon Zion .
You know how much he wanted money : worse than myself .
Mrs .
Now , an attachment to Harriet Smith would have nothing to encounter .
86 : 12 I will praise thee , O Lord my God , with all my heart : and I will glorify thy name for evermore .
7 : 12 And the Midianites and the Amalekites and all the children of the east lay along in the valley like grasshoppers for multitude ; and their camels were without number , as the sand by the sea side for multitude .
26 : 37 These are the families of the sons of Ephraim according to those that were numbered of them , thirty and two thousand and five hundred .
19 : 17 My breath is strange to my wife , though I intreated for the children ' s sake of mine own body .
No doubt it had been from jealousy .-- In Jane ' s eyes she had been a rival ; and well might any thing she could offer of assistance or regard be repulsed .
24 : 23 Then if any man shall say unto you , Lo , here is Christ , or there ; believe it not .
Weston ; " an engagement -- a positive engagement .-- What will you say , Emma -- what will any body say , when it is known that Frank Churchill and Miss Fairfax are engaged ;-- nay , that they have been long engaged !"
24 : 27 And beginning at Moses and all the prophets , he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself .
14 : 12 And the first day of unleavened bread , when they killed the passover , his disciples said unto him , Where wilt thou that we go and prepare that thou mayest eat the passover ?
" Oh !
They were both strong young men , but one was a lazy fellow and the other was a worker .
No , he had been in Devonshire a fortnight . "
19 : 9 And they put him in ward in chains , and brought him to the king of Babylon : they brought him into holds , that his voice should no more be heard upon the mountains of Israel .
15 : 23 And all the country wept with a loud voice , and all the people passed over : the king also himself passed over the brook Kidron , and all the people passed over , toward the way of the wilderness .
14 : 25 ( Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelt in the valley .)
18 : 10 And he rode upon a cherub , and did fly : yea , he did fly upon the wings of the wind .
2 : 7 And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went , and stood to view afar off : and they two stood by Jordan .
115 : 11 Ye that fear the LORD , trust in the LORD : he is their help and their shield .
107 : 16 For he hath broken the gates of brass , and cut the bars of iron in sunder .
17 : 11 And it came to pass , when Moses held up his hand , that Israel prevailed : and when he let down his hand , Amalek prevailed .
40 : 20 And the gate of the outward court that looked toward the north , he measured the length thereof , and the breadth thereof .
8 : 28 And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God , to them who are the called according to his purpose .
9 : 6 And in those days shall men seek death , and shall not find it ; and shall desire to die , and death shall flee from them .
62 : 2 He only is my rock and my salvation ; he is my defence ; I shall not be greatly moved .
Anne was to leave them on the morrow , an event which they all dreaded . "
6 : 6 Go to the ant , thou sluggard ; consider her ways , and be wise : 6 : 7 Which having no guide , overseer , or ruler , 6 : 8 Provideth her meat in the summer , and gathereth her food in the harvest .
14 : 23 And thou shalt eat before the LORD thy God , in the place which he shall choose to place his name there , the tithe of thy corn , of thy wine , and of thine oil , and the firstlings of thy herds and of thy flocks ; that thou mayest learn to fear the LORD thy God always .
4 : 3 And it shall come to pass , that he that is left in Zion , and he that remaineth in Jerusalem , shall be called holy , even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem : 4 : 4 When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion , and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment , and by the spirit of burning .
28 : 42 And thou shalt make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness ; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach : 28 : 43 And they shall be upon Aaron , and upon his sons , when they come in unto the tabernacle of the congregation , or when they come near unto the altar to minister in the holy place ; that they bear not iniquity , and die : it shall be a statute for ever unto him and his seed after him .
35 : 3 Strengthen ye the weak hands , and confirm the feeble knees .
Dashwood should advance anything ; and they were neither of them quite enough in love to think that three hundred and fifty pounds a - year would supply them with the comforts of life .
I could not bear to leave the country in a manner that might lead you , or the rest of the neighbourhood , to suspect any part of what had really passed between Mrs .
30 : 6 Thus saith the LORD ; They also that uphold Egypt shall fall ; and the pride of her power shall come down : from the tower of Syene shall they fall in it by the sword , saith the Lord GOD .
143 : 4 Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me ; my heart within me is desolate .
2 : 8 And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field , keeping watch over their flock by night .
20 : 28 Mercy and truth preserve the king : and his throne is upholden by mercy .
5 : 33 Ye shall walk in all the ways which the LORD your God hath commanded you , that ye may live , and that it may be well with you , and that ye may prolong your days in the land which ye shall possess .
2 : 22 And no man putteth new wine into old bottles : else the new wine doth burst the bottles , and the wine is spilled , and the bottles will be marred : but new wine must be put into new bottles .
22 : 36 Thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation : and thy gentleness hath made me great .
Palmer is excessively pleased with you and your sisters I can tell you , and you can ' t think how disappointed he will be if you don ' t come to Cleveland .-- I can ' t imagine why you should object to it ."
This appeal to her affections did more than all the rest .
I do not ask for any crown But that which all may win , Nor seek to conquer any world , Except the one within .
34 : 6 And Hamor the father of Shechem went out unto Jacob to commune with him .
You will know it all in time .
6 : 3 Hear therefore , O Israel , and observe to do it ; that it may be well with thee , and that ye may increase mightily , as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee , in the land that floweth with milk and honey .
Knightley ' s attention , and every syllable of their conversation was as distinctly heard by the others , as if it had passed within the same apartment . "
Behold , as the clay is in the potter ' s hand , so are ye in mine hand , O house of Israel .
16 : 14 And they said , Some say that thou art John the Baptist : some , Elias ; and others , Jeremias , or one of the prophets .
" Ah !
He sat musing a little while , and then said , " But I do not see why poor Isabella should be obliged to go back so soon , though he does .
Jennings could not prevail on him to stay long .
I had allowed her , ( imprudently , as it has since turned out ,) at her earnest desire , to go to Bath with one of her young friends , who was attending her father there for his health .
I know thy pride , and the naughtiness of thine heart ; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle .
The decree is issued by somebody .
40 : 4 And the captain of the guard charged Joseph with them , and he served them : and they continued a season in ward .
I was there -- one of the party ."
50 : 23 And Joseph saw Ephraim ' s children of the third generation : the children also of Machir the son of Manasseh were brought up upon Joseph ' s knees .
Steele and Mr .
9 : 37 Then saith he unto his disciples , The harvest truly is plenteous , but the labourers are few ; 9 : 38 Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest , that he will send forth labourers into his harvest .
1 : 6 And this is love , that we walk after his commandments .
John Knightley very far from looking well ."
12 : 9 What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do ?
26 : 10 Also he built towers in the desert , and digged many wells : for he had much cattle , both in the low country , and in the plains : husbandmen also , and vine dressers in the mountains , and in Carmel : for he loved husbandry .
She would not be frightened from paying him those attentions which , as a friend and almost a relation , were his due , by the observant eyes of Lucy , though she soon perceived them to be narrowly watching her .
" Ah !"
28 : 25 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; When I shall have gathered the house of Israel from the people among whom they are scattered , and shall be sanctified in them in the sight of the heathen , then shall they dwell in their land that I have given to my servant Jacob .
Elton ' s attentions to Jane was in the first style of guileless simplicity and warmth .
She received no other answer , than an artificial , assenting smile , followed by a contemptuous glance , as he turned away , which Anne perfectly knew the meaning of .
7 : 14 He was a widow ' s son of the tribe of Naphtali , and his father was a man of Tyre , a worker in brass : and he was filled with wisdom , and understanding , and cunning to work all works in brass .
1 : 19 If ye be willing and obedient , ye shall eat the good of the land : 1 : 20 But if ye refuse and rebel , ye shall be devoured with the sword : for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it .
I cannot at all consent to Mr .
21 : 21 Then let them which are in Judaea flee to the mountains ; and let them which are in the midst of it depart out ; and let not them that are in the countries enter thereinto .
8 : 7 For unclean spirits , crying with loud voice , came out of many that were possessed with them : and many taken with palsies , and that were lame , were healed .
1 : 4 Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle , and though thou set thy nest among the stars , thence will I bring thee down , saith the LORD .
Whenever he wanted anything to eat , all he had to do was to come up out of his cave in the stones and earth and _roar_ .
John Knightley came -- I think the very evening .-- Do not you remember his cutting his finger with your new penknife , and your recommending court - plaister ?-- But , as you had none about you , and knew I had , you desired me to supply him ; and so I took mine out and cut him a piece ; but it was a great deal too large , and he cut it smaller , and kept playing some time with what was left , before he gave it back to me .
So he departed from him a little way .
No , he had already done that , which no man who CAN feel for another would do .
7 : 27 Her house is the way to hell , going down to the chambers of death .
and the hoary frost of heaven , who hath gendered it ?
30 : 25 And it came to pass , when Rachel had born Joseph , that Jacob said unto Laban , Send me away , that I may go unto mine own place , and to my country .
19 : 1 And there came two angels to Sodom at even ; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom : and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them ; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground ; 19 : 2 And he said , Behold now , my lords , turn in , I pray you , into your servant ' s house , and tarry all night , and wash your feet , and ye shall rise up early , and go on your ways .
9 : 1 And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother ' s brethren , and communed with them , and with all the family of the house of his mother ' s father , saying , 9 : 2 Speak , I pray you , in the ears of all the men of Shechem , Whether is better for you , either that all the sons of Jerubbaal , which are threescore and ten persons , reign over you , or that one reign over you ?
10 : 34 Now the rest of the acts of Jehu , and all that he did , and all his might , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
" Yes , certainly it does .
18 : 16 Then he said , I did see all Israel scattered upon the mountains , as sheep that have no shepherd : and the LORD said , These have no master ; let them return therefore every man to his house in peace .
17 : 39 But the LORD your God ye shall fear ; and he shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies .
29 : 1 Moreover Job continued his parable , and said , 29 : 2 Oh that I were as in months past , as in the days when God preserved me ; 29 : 3 When his candle shined upon my head , and when by his light I walked through darkness ; 29 : 4 As I was in the days of my youth , when the secret of God was upon my tabernacle ; 29 : 5 When the Almighty was yet with me , when my children were about me ; 29 : 6 When I washed my steps with butter , and the rock poured me out rivers of oil ; 29 : 7 When I went out to the gate through the city , when I prepared my seat in the street !
" Yes ," said Mr .
Knightley know any thing about it for the world !
They told him the little there was to tell : they had worked hard always , in the fields with their husbands , or in the house ; they had many children ; they had seen hard times ,-- sickness , sorrow ; but they had never despaired . "
20 : 1 And God spake all these words , saying , 20 : 2 I am the LORD thy God , which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt , out of the house of bondage .
11 : 24 Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one .
14 : 33 Wisdom resteth in the heart of him that hath understanding : but that which is in the midst of fools is made known .
13 : 19 The desire accomplished is sweet to the soul : but it is abomination to fools to depart from evil .
" Pardon me , dear cousin , you are unjust in your own claims .
13 : 18 Poverty and shame shall be to him that refuseth instruction : but he that regardeth reproof shall be honoured .
But the expression is hardly admissible , Mrs .
The sons of Mahli ; Eleazar , and Kish .
2 : 12 For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty , and upon every one that is lifted up ; and he shall be brought low : 2 : 13 And upon all the cedars of Lebanon , that are high and lifted up , and upon all the oaks of Bashan , 2 : 14 And upon all the high mountains , and upon all the hills that are lifted up , 2 : 15 And upon every high tower , and upon every fenced wall , 2 : 16 And upon all the ships of Tarshish , and upon all pleasant pictures .
How did Miss Campbell appear to like it ?"
for ye are as graves which appear not , and the men that walk over them are not aware of them .
There is no doubt of your doing exceedingly well -- quite as well , or better , perhaps , all things considered .
45 : 10 Woe unto him that saith unto his father , What begettest thou ?
Kitty , a fair but frozen maid , Kindled a flame I yet deplore , The hood - wink ' d boy I called to aid , Though of his near approach afraid , So fatal to my suit before .
CHAPTER 11 Little had Mrs .
Colonel Campbell rather preferred an olive .
Well , I am very glad indeed : but I always thought you would have it ; I always thought you sure .
1 : 18 Now the rest of the acts of Ahaziah which he did , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
7 : 5 But thus shall ye deal with them ; ye shall destroy their altars , and break down their images , and cut down their groves , and burn their graven images with fire .
25 : 34 And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like unto almonds , with their knops and their flowers .
120 : 5 Woe is me , that I sojourn in Mesech , that I dwell in the tents of Kedar !
143 : 7 Hear me speedily , O LORD : my spirit faileth : hide not thy face from me , lest I be like unto them that go down into the pit .
Oh , no !
How inconsiderate , how indelicate , how irrational , how unfeeling had been her conduct !
And he said , What needeth it ?
54 : 16 Behold , I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the fire , and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work ; and I have created the waster to destroy .
So one night , after the shoemaker had left the pieces of leather on the bench , he and his wife hid themselves behind a curtain , and left a light in the room .
18 : 5 Ye shall therefore keep my statutes , and my judgments : which if a man do , he shall live in them : I am the LORD .
26 : 58 But Peter followed him afar off unto the high priest ' s palace , and went in , and sat with the servants , to see the end .
Weston and Mrs .
Anne heard nothing of this .
They talked at first only of the performance .
You do it very ill .
30 : 29 And thou shalt sanctify them , that they may be most holy : whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy .
8 : 23 And Gideon said unto them , I will not rule over you , neither shall my son rule over you : the LORD shall rule over you .
The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches : and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches .
19 : 35 I am this day fourscore years old : and can I discern between good and evil ?
42 : 23 Who among you will give ear to this ?
My playing is no more like her ' s , than a lamp is like sunshine ."
20 : 7 They say unto him , Because no man hath hired us .
Mr .
and doth not mine eye continue in their provocation ?
Her height was pretty , just such as almost every body would think tall , and nobody could think very tall ; her figure particularly graceful ; her size a most becoming medium , between fat and thin , though a slight appearance of ill - health seemed to point out the likeliest evil of the two .
4 : 6 Then he answered and spake unto me , saying , This is the word of the LORD unto Zerubbabel , saying , Not by might , nor by power , but by my spirit , saith the LORD of hosts .
17 : 26 In the selfsame day was Abraham circumcised , and Ishmael his son .
Knightley !-- I could not have believed it .
2 : 9 And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof , and shall burn it upon the altar : it is an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
Dining once with the Coles -- and having a ball talked of , which never took place .
15 : 4 Pharaoh ' s chariots and his host hath he cast into the sea : his chosen captains also are drowned in the Red sea .
6 : 12 For the rich men thereof are full of violence , and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies , and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth .
He had to fly away , without seeing her .
23 : 2 And Balak did as Balaam had spoken ; and Balak and Balaam offered on every altar a bullock and a ram .
He was steady , observant , moderate , candid ; never run away with by spirits or by selfishness , which fancied itself strong feeling ; and yet , with a sensibility to what was amiable and lovely , and a value for all the felicities of domestic life , which characters of fancied enthusiasm and violent agitation seldom really possess .
24 : 3 And they entered in , and found not the body of the Lord Jesus .
1 : 10 And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up , behold , two men stood by them in white apparel ; 1 : 11 Which also said , Ye men of Galilee , why stand ye gazing up into heaven ?
13 : 25 Wilt thou break a leaf driven to and fro ?
8 : 11 And I say unto you , That many shall come from the east and west , and shall sit down with Abraham , and Isaac , and Jacob , in the kingdom of heaven .
The compliments of his neighbours were over ; he was no longer teased by being wished joy of so sorrowful an event ; and the wedding - cake , which had been a great distress to him , was all eat up .
Dashwood had wished for it more for the sake of his wife and daughters than for himself or his son ;-- but to his son , and his son ' s son , a child of four years old , it was secured , in such a way , as to leave to himself no power of providing for those who were most dear to him , and who most needed a provision by any charge on the estate , or by any sale of its valuable woods .
10 : 20 And he answered and said unto him , Master , all these have I observed from my youth .
Then , when the men came back from the battle , weary and wounded , the Dagda would take his harp and strike a few chords , and as the magic music stole out upon the air , every man forgot his weariness and the smart of his wounds , and thought of the honour he had won , and of the comrade who had died beside him , and of the safety of his wife and children .
So unreasonably early !"
Where is she ?-- Oh !
6 : 2 And they that have believing masters , let them not despise them , because they are brethren ; but rather do them service , because they are faithful and beloved , partakers of the benefit .
for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ .
And when the Philistine looked about and saw David , he disdained him , for David was but a boy , and ruddy , and of a fair countenance .
37 : 21 And say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen , whither they be gone , and will gather them on every side , and bring them into their own land : 37 : 22 And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel ; and one king shall be king to them all : and they shall be no more two nations , neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all .
4 : 28 And they dwelt at Beersheba , and Moladah , and Hazarshual , 4 : 29 And at Bilhah , and at Ezem , and at Tolad , 4 : 30 And at Bethuel , and at Hormah , and at Ziklag , 4 : 31 And at Bethmarcaboth , and Hazarsusim , and at Bethbirei , and at Shaaraim .
3 : 15 And Samuel lay until the morning , and opened the doors of the house of the LORD .
8 : 2 I would lead thee , and bring thee into my mother ' s house , who would instruct me : I would cause thee to drink of spiced wine of the juice of my pomegranate .
48 : 1 Now these are the names of the tribes .
12 : 34 And when Jesus saw that he answered discreetly , he said unto him , Thou art not far from the kingdom of God .
And Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead .
I know what thorough justice you will do it , and have scarcely a doubt of its happy effect .-- I think we shall never materially disagree about the writer again ; but I will not delay you by a long preface .-- We are quite well .-- This letter has been the cure of all the little nervousness I have been feeling lately .-- I did not quite like your looks on Tuesday , but it was an ungenial morning ; and though you will never own being affected by weather , I think every body feels a north - east wind .-- I felt for your dear father very much in the storm of Tuesday afternoon and yesterday morning , but had the comfort of hearing last night , by Mr .
If Miss Woodhouse would not be displeased , she would rather stay at home ."
22 : 26 But ye shall not be so : but he that is greatest among you , let him be as the younger ; and he that is chief , as he that doth serve .
He agreed that he might . "
4 : 1 And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan , and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness , 4 : 2 Being forty days tempted of the devil .
5 : 1 And thou , son of man , take thee a sharp knife , take thee a barber ' s razor , and cause it to pass upon thine head and upon thy beard : then take thee balances to weigh , and divide the hair .
13 : 14 Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice : but , being stronger than she , forced her , and lay with her .
24 : 24 For the army of the Syrians came with a small company of men , and the LORD delivered a very great host into their hand , because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers .
I wonder if he knows how happy he is ! "'
And he said , To thee , O captain .
Knightley , do not foretell vexation from that quarter ."
120 : 3 What shall be given unto thee ?
And the sons of Pharez were Hezron and Hamul .
He really pressed them , with some earnestness , to consider Norland as their home ; and , as no plan appeared so eligible to Mrs .
40 : 5 Many , O LORD my God , are thy wonderful works which thou hast done , and thy thoughts which are to us - ward : they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee : if I would declare and speak of them , they are more than can be numbered .
8 : 26 Two and twenty years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign ; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem .
I could not help being provoked ; for after all my pains , and when I had really made a very good likeness of it --( Mrs .
1 : 23 And there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit ; and he cried out , 1 : 24 Saying , Let us alone ; what have we to do with thee , thou Jesus of Nazareth ?
13 : 7 And there are gathered unto him vain men , the children of Belial , and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon , when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted , and could not withstand them .
6 : 9 So he built the house , and finished it ; and covered the house with beams and boards of cedar .
2 : 17 Yea , and if I be offered upon the sacrifice and service of your faith , I joy , and rejoice with you all .
9 : 14 For they were about five thousand men .
Lady Russell and Anne paid their compliments to them once , when Anne could not but feel that Uppercross was already quite alive again .
41 : 18 I will open rivers in high places , and fountains in the midst of the valleys : I will make the wilderness a pool of water , and the dry land springs of water .
I understand that he intends to take orders .
THE LARKS IN THE CORNFIELD There was once a family of little Larks who lived with their mother in a nest in a cornfield .
They were a family of the name of Martin , whom Emma well knew by character , as renting a large farm of Mr .
So the little Field Mouse gave the tiny necklace to his little Mouse - sister .
8 : 9 They are all plain to him that understandeth , and right to them that find knowledge .
13 : 17 The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers , and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt , and with an high arm brought he them out of it .
Your marrying will be equal to the match at Randalls .
31 : 1 Now the Philistines fought against Israel : and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines , and fell down slain in mount Gilboa .
20 : 7 And there went out after him Joab ' s men , and the Cherethites , and the Pelethites , and all the mighty men : and they went out of Jerusalem , to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri .
replied Emma , unable to guess , by look or voice , whether Harriet could indeed have received any hint . "
Weston was looking so ill , and had an air of so much perturbation , that Emma ' s uneasiness increased ; and the moment they were alone , she eagerly said , " What is it my dear friend ?
34 : 15 I will feed my flock , and I will cause them to lie down , saith the Lord GOD .
Have you been lately in Sussex ?"
22 : 7 All they that see me laugh me to scorn : they shoot out the lip , they shake the head , saying , 22 : 8 He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him : let him deliver him , seeing he delighted in him .
they shouted ; and every one ran to look .
And she named him Moses .
36 : 33 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; In the day that I shall have cleansed you from all your iniquities I will also cause you to dwell in the cities , and the wastes shall be builded .
" You have made her too tall , Emma ," said Mr .
4 : 27 Wherefore , O king , let my counsel be acceptable unto thee , and break off thy sins by righteousness , and thine iniquities by shewing mercy to the poor ; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity .
Selah .
I hope you do not retract what you then said ."
That sentence is very prettily turned .
2 : 7 Moreover I said unto the king , If it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may convey me over till I come into Judah ; 2 : 8 And a letter unto Asaph the keeper of the king ' s forest , that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which appertained to the house , and for the wall of the city , and for the house that I shall enter into .
It was a struggle between propriety and vanity ; but vanity got the better , and then Elizabeth was happy again .
And they took Jesus , and led him away .
He will be glad to hear it ."
Have we not heard the sound of hammering every day ?
" I thank you , ma ' am , sincerely thank you ," said Marianne , with warmth : " your invitation has insured my gratitude for ever , and it would give me such happiness , yes , almost the greatest happiness I am capable of , to be able to accept it .
What dreadful weather we have had !
36 : 27 And I will put my spirit within you , and cause you to walk in my statutes , and ye shall keep my judgments , and do them .
But the house of Judah followed David .
said Marianne , on her leaving them . "
3 : 34 For he whom God hath sent speaketh the words of God : for God giveth not the Spirit by measure unto him .
26 : 12 And they shall make a spoil of thy riches , and make a prey of thy merchandise : and they shall break down thy walls , and destroy thy pleasant houses : and they shall lay thy stones and thy timber and thy dust in the midst of the water .
Chapter 15 Sir Walter had taken a very good house in Camden Place , a lofty dignified situation , such as becomes a man of consequence ; and both he and Elizabeth were settled there , much to their satisfaction .
Our first care has been to keep the matter secret .-- You knew nothing of me , or my family , and , therefore , there could be no OCCASION for ever mentioning my name to you ; and , as he was always particularly afraid of his sister ' s suspecting any thing , THAT was reason enough for his not mentioning it ."
I believe ," she added in a low voice , " he would have been very glad to have had me , if he could .
34 : 5 So Moses the servant of the LORD died there in the land of Moab , according to the word of the LORD .
19 : 12 And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him : but the Jews cried out , saying , If thou let this man go , thou art not Caesar ' s friend : whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar .
dear , Miss Woodhouse -- well , at last , I fancy , he looked round and saw me ; for instead of going on with her buyings , they began whispering to one another .
" So seldom that any negligence or blunder appears !
Knightley so placed as to see them all ; and it was his object to see as much as he could , with as little apparent observation .
94 : 15 But judgment shall return unto righteousness : and all the upright in heart shall follow it .
For my companion tells me ," said she , " that I absolutely promised Miss Bates last night , that I would come this morning .
There can be no doubt of its having been of the greatest service to Dr Shirley , after his illness , last spring twelve - month .
9 : 24 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it : but whosoever will lose his life for my sake , the same shall save it .
1 : 53 But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of testimony , that there be no wrath upon the congregation of the children of Israel : and the Levites shall keep the charge of the tabernacle of testimony .
34 : 19 And it came to pass , when the king had heard the words of the law , that he rent his clothes .
4 : 18 Now these are the generations of Pharez : Pharez begat Hezron , 4 : 19 And Hezron begat Ram , and Ram begat Amminadab , 4 : 20 And Amminadab begat Nahshon , and Nahshon begat Salmon , 4 : 21 And Salmon begat Boaz , and Boaz begat Obed , 4 : 22 And Obed begat Jesse , and Jesse begat David .
" You are ungrateful ."
19 : 5 And he set judges in the land throughout all the fenced cities of Judah , city by city , 19 : 6 And said to the judges , Take heed what ye do : for ye judge not for man , but for the LORD , who is with you in the judgment .
9 : 16 But they and our fathers dealt proudly , and hardened their necks , and hearkened not to thy commandments , 9 : 17 And refused to obey , neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou didst among them ; but hardened their necks , and in their rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage : but thou art a God ready to pardon , gracious and merciful , slow to anger , and of great kindness , and forsookest them not .
11 : 3 If the clouds be full of rain , they empty themselves upon the earth : and if the tree fall toward the south , or toward the north , in the place where the tree falleth , there it shall be .
5 : 3 Some also there were that said , We have mortgaged our lands , vineyards , and houses , that we might buy corn , because of the dearth .
While Captains Wentworth and Harville led the talk on one side of the room , and by recurring to former days , supplied anecdotes in abundance to occupy and entertain the others , it fell to Anne ' s lot to be placed rather apart with Captain Benwick ; and a very good impulse of her nature obliged her to begin an acquaintance with him .
19 : 11 Surely the princes of Zoan are fools , the counsel of the wise counsellors of Pharaoh is become brutish : how say ye unto Pharaoh , I am the son of the wise , the son of ancient kings ?
The estate at Delaford was never reckoned more than two thousand a year , and his brother left everything sadly involved .
1 : 20 But ye , beloved , building up yourselves on your most holy faith , praying in the Holy Ghost , 1 : 21 Keep yourselves in the love of God , looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life .
22 : 6 Train up a child in the way he should go : and when he is old , he will not depart from it .
18 : 8 And the king of Israel called for one of his officers , and said , Fetch quickly Micaiah the son of Imla .
You and Mr .
Nothing could do away the knowledge of what the latter had suffered through his means , nor remove the guilt of his conduct towards Eliza .
" I am going to Dublin ," said the tailor , " to build a court for the king and to get a lady for a wife , if I am able to do it ."
She gave a slight glance round the table , and applied herself to it .
6 : 10 And a man ' s uncle shall take him up , and he that burneth him , to bring out the bones out of the house , and shall say unto him that is by the sides of the house , Is there yet any with thee ?
Joseph , being seventeen years old , was feeding the flock with his brethren ; and the lad was with the sons of Bilhah , and with the sons of Zilpah , his father ' s wives : and Joseph brought unto his father their evil report .
4 : 19 But I will come to you shortly , if the Lord will , and will know , not the speech of them which are puffed up , but the power .
11 : 22 And Jesus answering saith unto them , Have faith in God .
But king Rehoboam made speed to get him up to his chariot , to flee to Jerusalem .
I must not quarrel with a spirit of forbearance which has been so richly extended towards myself ; but , otherwise , I should loudly protest against the share of it which that woman has known .-- ` Jane ,' indeed !-- You will observe that I have not yet indulged myself in calling her by that name , even to you .
If he had never esteemed my opinion before , he would have thought highly of me then ; and , I dare say , left the house thinking me the best friend and counsellor man ever had .
Weston ' s dining - room does not accommodate more than ten comfortably ; and for my part , I would rather , under such circumstances , fall short by two than exceed by two .
Emma ' s eyes were instantly withdrawn ; and she sat silently meditating , in a fixed attitude , for a few minutes .
He could not be persuaded that so many good - looking houses as he saw around him , could not furnish numbers enough for such a meeting ; and even when particulars were given and families described , he was still unwilling to admit that the inconvenience of such a mixture would be any thing , or that there would be the smallest difficulty in every body ' s returning into their proper place the next morning .
You have probably entirely forgotten a conversation -- ( it is not to be supposed that it could make any impression on you )-- a conversation between us one evening at Barton Park -- it was the evening of a dance -- in which I alluded to a lady I had once known , as resembling , in some measure , your sister Marianne ."
4 : 26 Ponder the path of thy feet , and let all thy ways be established .
5 : 7 The inhabitants of the villages ceased , they ceased in Israel , until that I Deborah arose , that I arose a mother in Israel .
It appears to me a most perfect resemblance in every feature .
Colonel Brandon , unfortunately for himself , had no such encouragement to think only of Marianne , and in conversing with Elinor he found the greatest consolation for the indifference of her sister .
37 : 20 Now therefore , O LORD our God , save us from his hand , that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD , even thou only .
Do you think him so very plain ?"
Weston , on that score .
yet thou , O LORD , art in the midst of us , and we are called by thy name ; leave us not .
Do not you agree with me , that it is the best thing he could do , both for himself and Mrs Shirley ?
She said no more , other subjects took their turn ; and the rest of the dinner passed away ; the dessert succeeded , the children came in , and were talked to and admired amid the usual rate of conversation ; a few clever things said , a few downright silly , but by much the larger proportion neither the one nor the other -- nothing worse than everyday remarks , dull repetitions , old news , and heavy jokes .
51 : 51 We are confounded , because we have heard reproach : shame hath covered our faces : for strangers are come into the sanctuaries of the LORD ' s house .
5 : 4 And one went in , and told his lord , saying , Thus and thus said the maid that is of the land of Israel .
43 : 19 And thou shalt give to the priests the Levites that be of the seed of Zadok , which approach unto me , to minister unto me , saith the Lord GOD , a young bullock for a sin offering .
And he answered and said unto him , O man of God , thus hath the king said , Come down quickly .
11 : 10 Therefore the men of Jabesh said , To morrow we will come out unto you , and ye shall do with us all that seemeth good unto you .
" Then good - bye ," said his friend , " I am off ."
There was no sign of anyone having been there .
That ' s right .
36 : 23 And it came to pass , that when Jehudi had read three or four leaves , he cut it with the penknife , and cast it into the fire that was on the hearth , until all the roll was consumed in the fire that was on the hearth .
16 : 8 And they went out quickly , and fled from the sepulchre ; for they trembled and were amazed : neither said they any thing to any man ; for they were afraid .
20 : 2 And when he had gone over those parts , and had given them much exhortation , he came into Greece , 20 : 3 And there abode three months .
23 : 7 Keep thee far from a false matter ; and the innocent and righteous slay thou not : for I will not justify the wicked .
Anne had never entered Kellynch since her quitting Lady Russell ' s house in September .
12 : 19 The lip of truth shall be established for ever : but a lying tongue is but for a moment .
10 : 18 Now where remission of these is , there is no more offering for sin .
Elton is so good to the poor !"
But the effort was painful .
Cole had just been there , just called in for ten minutes , and had been so good as to sit an hour with them , and _she_ had taken a piece of cake and been so kind as to say she liked it very much ; and , therefore , she hoped Miss Woodhouse and Miss Smith would do them the favour to eat a piece too ."
In fact , as I have long been convinced , though every profession is necessary and honourable in its turn , it is only the lot of those who are not obliged to follow any , who can live in a regular way , in the country , choosing their own hours , following their own pursuits , and living on their own property , without the torment of trying for more ; it is only their lot , I say , to hold the blessings of health and a good appearance to the utmost : I know no other set of men but what lose something of their personableness when they cease to be quite young ."
She was accordingly more guarded , and more cool , than she had been the night before .
Then , and then only , under such a roof , I might perhaps be as happy at Combe as I have been at Barton ."
6 : 13 And it was so , that when they that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces , he sacrificed oxen and fatlings .
45 : 13 I have raised him up in righteousness , and I will direct all his ways : he shall build my city , and he shall let go my captives , not for price nor reward , saith the LORD of hosts .
39 : 4 Their young ones are in good liking , they grow up with corn ; they go forth , and return not unto them .
Indeed I do you justice , my good friend .
21 : 10 So the Edomites revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day .
" I cannot make a question , or listen to a question about that .
And she said , What wilt thou give me , that thou mayest come in unto me ?
Some minutes passed in this unpleasant silence , with only one attempt on Emma ' s side to talk of the weather , but he made no answer .
28 : 16 And by weight he gave gold for the tables of shewbread , for every table ; and likewise silver for the tables of silver : 28 : 17 Also pure gold for the fleshhooks , and the bowls , and the cups : and for the golden basons he gave gold by weight for every bason ; and likewise silver by weight for every bason of silver : 28 : 18 And for the altar of incense refined gold by weight ; and gold for the pattern of the chariot of the cherubims , that spread out their wings , and covered the ark of the covenant of the LORD .
When they came to converse , she was soon sensible of some mental change .
Ah !
" The last hours were certainly very painful ," replied Anne ; " but when pain is over , the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure .
32 : 15 But Jeshurun waxed fat , and kicked : thou art waxen fat , thou art grown thick , thou art covered with fatness ; then he forsook God which made him , and lightly esteemed the Rock of his salvation .
And the Canaanite was then in the land .
1 : 22 Then said they unto him , Who art thou ?
7 : 27 Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers , which hath put such a thing as this in the king ' s heart , to beautify the house of the LORD which is in Jerusalem : 7 : 28 And hath extended mercy unto me before the king , and his counsellors , and before all the king ' s mighty princes .
42 : 14 And Joseph said unto them , That is it that I spake unto you , saying , Ye are spies : 42 : 15 Hereby ye shall be proved : By the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence , except your youngest brother come hither .
interposed Mrs .
Either bathing has been of the greatest service to her , or else it is to be attributed to an excellent embrocation of Mr .
" Dear affectionate creature !-- _You_ banished to Abbey - Mill Farm !-- _You_ confined to the society of the illiterate and vulgar all your life !
who hath marked his word , and heard it ?
On their return from the park they found Willoughby ' s curricle and servant in waiting at the cottage , and Mrs .
Could not have imagined it .-- So well lighted up !-- Jane , Jane , look !-- did you ever see any thing ?
18 : 21 Therefore deliver up their children to the famine , and pour out their blood by the force of the sword ; and let their wives be bereaved of their children , and be widows ; and let their men be put to death ; let their young men be slain by the sword in battle .
16 : 4 And Benhadad hearkened unto king Asa , and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel ; and they smote Ijon , and Dan , and Abelmaim , and all the store cities of Naphtali .
And there were liers in wait abiding in the chamber .
Ferrars would be off ; and when Edward did not come near us for three days , I could not tell what to think myself ; and I believe in my heart Lucy gave it up all for lost ; for we came away from your brother ' s Wednesday , and we saw nothing of him not all Thursday , Friday , and Saturday , and did not know what was become of him .
23 : 3 He restoreth my soul : he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name ' s sake .
he must and shall come back ," cried Sir John . "
" And no great harm if it does ," said Mr .
Mr .
13 : 15 The Lord then answered him , and said , Thou hypocrite , doth not each one of you on the sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the stall , and lead him away to watering ?
More !
91 : 13 Thou shalt tread upon the lion and adder : the young lion and the dragon shalt thou trample under feet .
Some are gone to the ponds , and some to the lime walk .
And Samson said unto them , Swear unto me , that ye will not fall upon me yourselves .
That she was , to all appearance , in the last stage of a consumption , was -- yes , in such a situation it was my greatest comfort .
7 : 9 And Harbonah , one of the chamberlains , said before the king , Behold also , the gallows fifty cubits high , which Haman had made for Mordecai , who spoken good for the king , standeth in the house of Haman .
Emma felt that Mrs .
Perry , whose name , I dare say , is not unknown to you , does not conceive it would be at all more likely to be useful now ."
4 : 20 And they straightway left their nets , and followed him .
Ah !
116 : 10 I believed , therefore have I spoken : I was greatly afflicted : 116 : 11 I said in my haste , All men are liars .
12 : 24 And David comforted Bathsheba his wife , and went in unto her , and lay with her : and she bare a son , and he called his name Solomon : and the LORD loved him .
1 : 9 God is faithful , by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord .
2 : 10 The adversaries of the LORD shall be broken to pieces ; out of heaven shall he thunder upon them : the LORD shall judge the ends of the earth ; and he shall give strength unto his king , and exalt the horn of his anointed .
7 : 16 But if the sacrifice of his offering be a vow , or a voluntary offering , it shall be eaten the same day that he offereth his sacrifice : and on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten : 7 : 17 But the remainder of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third day shall be burnt with fire .
notwithstanding , every way , whether in pretence , or in truth , Christ is preached ; and I therein do rejoice , yea , and will rejoice .
So they threw her down : and some of her blood was sprinkled on the wall , and on the horses : and he trode her under foot .
4 : 17 Then sent the king an answer unto Rehum the chancellor , and to Shimshai the scribe , and to the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria , and unto the rest beyond the river , Peace , and at such a time .
1 : 23 For if any be a hearer of the word , and not a doer , he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass : 1 : 24 For he beholdeth himself , and goeth his way , and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was .
And Rachel said , Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son ' s mandrakes .
when he was in circumcision , or in uncircumcision ?
I would not bind myself to allow them any thing yearly .
8 : 5 For though there be that are called gods , whether in heaven or in earth , ( as there be gods many , and lords many ,) 8 : 6 But to us there is but one God , the Father , of whom are all things , and we in him ; and one Lord Jesus Christ , by whom are all things , and we by him .
10 : 5 And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven , 10 : 6 And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever , who created heaven , and the things that therein are , and the earth , and the things that therein are , and the sea , and the things which are therein , that there should be time no longer : 10 : 7 But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel , when he shall begin to sound , the mystery of God should be finished , as he hath declared to his servants the prophets .
Marianne could speak HER happiness only by tears .
Mrs .
23 : 16 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , Hearken not unto the words of the prophets that prophesy unto you : they make you vain : they speak a vision of their own heart , and not out of the mouth of the LORD .
8 : 6 And some fell upon a rock ; and as soon as it was sprung up , it withered away , because it lacked moisture .
10 : 16 Behold , I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves : be ye therefore wise as serpents , and harmless as doves .
One of his Psalms that everybody loves is a song that David made when he remembered the days before he came to Saul ' s camp .
10 : 24 And Samuel said to all the people , See ye him whom the LORD hath chosen , that there is none like him among all the people ?
18 : 6 A fool ' s lips enter into contention , and his mouth calleth for strokes .
2 : 23 And it came to pass , that he went through the corn fields on the sabbath day ; and his disciples began , as they went , to pluck the ears of corn .
17 : 9 Say thou , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Shall it prosper ?
Amen .
Then , one morning , while she was searching for signs of other seeds , Margery discovered the beets .
When any two young people take it into their heads to marry , they are pretty sure by perseverance to carry their point , be they ever so poor , or ever so imprudent , or ever so little likely to be necessary to each other ' s ultimate comfort .
And Joab ' s garment that he had put on was girded unto him , and upon it a girdle with a sword fastened upon his loins in the sheath thereof ; and as he went forth it fell out .
My love for Mr .
Elinor , I must go home .
11 : 25 At that time Jesus answered and said , I thank thee , O Father , Lord of heaven and earth , because thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent , and hast revealed them unto babes .
for ever ?
46 : 11 And the sons of Levi ; Gershon , Kohath , and Merari .
35 : 9 And God appeared unto Jacob again , when he came out of Padanaram , and blessed him .
21 : 14 A gift in secret pacifieth anger : and a reward in the bosom strong wrath .
6 : 14 Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers : for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness ?
The expectation of seeing HER , however , was enough to make her interested in the engagement ; for though she could now meet Edward ' s mother without that strong anxiety which had once promised to attend such an introduction , though she could now see her with perfect indifference as to her opinion of herself , her desire of being in company with Mrs .
And he wist not that the LORD was departed from him .
And they brought him unto Moses : ( and his mother ' s name was Shelomith , the daughter of Dibri , of the tribe of Dan :) 24 : 12 And they put him in ward , that the mind of the LORD might be shewed them .
With shouts of laughter , the courtiers drove Robert of Sicily from the banquet hall ; the waiting - men , with laughter , too , pushed him into the soldiers ' hall ; and there the pages brought the jester ' s wretched ape , and put a fool ' s cap and bells on Robert ' s head .
21 : 21 And he dwelt in the wilderness of Paran : and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt .
11 : 46 But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees , and told them what things Jesus had done .
And I do not think Mr .
93 : 3 The floods have lifted up , O LORD , the floods have lifted up their voice ; the floods lift up their waves .
30 : 24 There be four things which are little upon the earth , but they are exceeding wise : 30 : 25 The ants are a people not strong , yet they prepare their meat in the summer ; 30 : 26 The conies are but a feeble folk , yet make they their houses in the rocks ; 30 : 27 The locusts have no king , yet go they forth all of them by bands ; 30 : 28 The spider taketh hold with her hands , and is in kings ' palaces .
7 : 24 But they hearkened not , nor inclined their ear , but walked in the counsels and in the imagination of their evil heart , and went backward , and not forward .
32 : 11 Be glad in the LORD , and rejoice , ye righteous : and shout for joy , all ye that are upright in heart .
5 : 2 Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel , and all the heads of the tribes , the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel , unto Jerusalem , to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David , which is Zion .
3 : 39 All that were numbered of the Levites , which Moses and Aaron numbered at the commandment of the LORD , throughout their families , all the males from a month old and upward , were twenty and two thousand .
" I flatter myself ," replied Elinor , " that even under the disadvantage of better rooms and a broader staircase , you will hereafter find your own house as faultless as you now do this ."
21 : 7 The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them ; because they refuse to do judgment .
22 : 3 Then entered Satan into Judas surnamed Iscariot , being of the number of the twelve .
The Virgin started from her seat , & with a shriek , Fled back unhinderd till she came into the vales of Har
53 : 2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant , and as a root out of a dry ground : he hath no form nor comeliness ; and when we shall see him , there is no beauty that we should desire him .
Elton .
10 : 28 But if any man say unto you , This is offered in sacrifice unto idols , eat not for his sake that shewed it , and for conscience sake : for the earth is the Lord ' s , and the fulness thereof : 10 : 29 Conscience , I say , not thine own , but of the other : for why is my liberty judged of another man ' s conscience ?
But Harriet was in a tremor , and could not touch it ; and Emma , never loth to be first , was obliged to examine it herself .
28 : 4 And the Philistines gathered themselves together , and came and pitched in Shunem : and Saul gathered all Israel together , and they pitched in Gilboa .
Since the idea had been started in the very quarter which ought to dictate , he had no scruple ," he said , " in confessing his judgement to be entirely on that side .
Wherefore he saith , God resisteth the proud , but giveth grace unto the humble .
5 : 11 And Haman told them of the glory of his riches , and the multitude of his children , and all the things wherein the king had promoted him , and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of the king .
3 : 3 Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments , and stood before the angel .
16 : 38 The censers of these sinners against their own souls , let them make them broad plates for a covering of the altar : for they offered them before the LORD , therefore they are hallowed : and they shall be a sign unto the children of Israel .
" No !
41 : 2 Then arose Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , and the ten men that were with him , and smote Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan with the sword , and slew him , whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land .
Then cherish pity , lest you drive an angel from your door .
She had not advanced many yards from Mrs .
31 : 51 And Moses and Eleazar the priest took the gold of them , even all wrought jewels .
39 : 12 And she caught him by his garment , saying , Lie with me : and he left his garment in her hand , and fled , and got him out .
2 : 16 All that were numbered in the camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty , throughout their armies .
17 : 2 And he placed forces in all the fenced cities of Judah , and set garrisons in the land of Judah , and in the cities of Ephraim , which Asa his father had taken .
Eltons get acquainted -- they do indeed -- and really it is strange ; it is out of the common course that what is so evidently , so palpably desirable -- what courts the pre - arrangement of other people , should so immediately shape itself into the proper form .
3 : 10 Wherefore I was grieved with that generation , and said , They do alway err in their heart ; and they have not known my ways .
But even this encouragement failed , for he would go ; and Lucy , who would have outstaid him , had his visit lasted two hours , soon afterwards went away . "
30 : 26 When I looked for good , then evil came unto me : and when I waited for light , there came darkness .
49 : 6 And afterward I will bring again the captivity of the children of Ammon , saith the LORD .
20 : 9 For every one that curseth his father or his mother shall be surely put to death : he hath cursed his father or his mother ; his blood shall be upon him .
Then all the disciples forsook him , and fled .
I am sure your mother can spare you very well , and I DO beg you will favour me with your company , for I ' ve quite set my heart upon it .
28 : 15 And , behold , I am with thee , and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest , and will bring thee again into this land ; for I will not leave thee , until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of .
41 : 27 The first shall say to Zion , Behold , behold them : and I will give to Jerusalem one that bringeth good tidings .
It was growing late , and Miss Bates became anxious to get home , on her mother ' s account .
7 : 32 But I would have you without carefulness .
96 : 5 For all the gods of the nations are idols : but the LORD made the heavens .
5 : 14 The elders have ceased from the gate , the young men from their musick .
This is saying very plainly --` Pray , Miss Smith , give me leave to pay my addresses to you .
God forbid .
Few people who have so compassionate a heart !
And then , if I could convey to you the glow of his soul when he does see them again ; when , coming back after a twelvemonth ' s absence , perhaps , and obliged to put into another port , he calculates how soon it be possible to get them there , pretending to deceive himself , and saying , ` They cannot be here till such a day ,' but all the while hoping for them twelve hours sooner , and seeing them arrive at last , as if Heaven had given them wings , by many hours sooner still !
21 : 27 And Abraham took sheep and oxen , and gave them unto Abimelech ; and both of them made a covenant .
A strong mind , with sweetness of manner ," made the first and the last of the description . "
7 : 48 On the seventh day Elishama the son of Ammihud , prince of the children of Ephraim , offered : 7 : 49 His offering was one silver charger , the weight whereof was an hundred and thirty shekels , one silver bowl of seventy shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary ; both of them full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering : 7 : 50 One golden spoon of ten shekels , full of incense : 7 : 51 One young bullock , one ram , one lamb of the first year , for a burnt offering : 7 : 52 One kid of the goats for a sin offering : 7 : 53 And for a sacrifice of peace offerings , two oxen , five rams , five he goats , five lambs of the first year : this was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud .
2 : 5 And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to wash herself at the river ; and her maidens walked along by the river ' s side ; and when she saw the ark among the flags , she sent her maid to fetch it .
23 : 27 Woe unto you , scribes and Pharisees , hypocrites !
13 : 9 And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand , and for a memorial between thine eyes , that the LORD ' s law may be in thy mouth : for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt .
Happy is he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth .
And he went his way , and published throughout the whole city how great things Jesus had done unto him .
46 : 27 But fear not thou , O my servant Jacob , and be not dismayed , O Israel : for , behold , I will save thee from afar off , and thy seed from the land of their captivity ; and Jacob shall return , and be in rest and at ease , and none shall make him afraid .
12 : 29 And seek not ye what ye shall eat , or what ye shall drink , neither be ye of doubtful mind .
103 : 22 Bless the LORD , all his works in all places of his dominion : bless the LORD , O my soul .
2 : 15 And it came to pass , as the angels were gone away from them into heaven , the shepherds said one to another , Let us now go even unto Bethlehem , and see this thing which is come to pass , which the Lord hath made known unto us .
14 : 10 And David enquired of God , saying , Shall I go up against the Philistines ?
11 : 8 His disciples say unto him , Master , the Jews of late sought to stone thee ; and goest thou thither again ?
15 : 24 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD : he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , who made Israel to sin .
44 : 5 But they hearkened not , nor inclined their ear to turn from their wickedness , to burn no incense unto other gods .
2 : 3 And his men that were with him did David bring up , every man with his household : and they dwelt in the cities of Hebron .
And Elijah departed .
Harris , or if HE could not come , for some other advice , when the former -- but not till after five o ' clock -- arrived .
16 : 14 And she fastened it with the pin , and said unto him , The Philistines be upon thee , Samson .
Elton !-- The stain of illegitimacy , unbleached by nobility or wealth , would have been a stain indeed .
7 : 19 They shall cast their silver in the streets , and their gold shall be removed : their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD : they shall not satisfy their souls , neither fill their bowels : because it is the stumblingblock of their iniquity .
I dare say there was a difference when I was staying with them the other day .
27 : 14 The hangings of one side of the gate shall be fifteen cubits : their pillars three , and their sockets three .
trumpeted the Elephant .
They have more gentleness .
who hath gathered the wind in his fists ?
Mrs .
2 : 10 When they saw the star , they rejoiced with exceeding great joy .
119 : 59 I thought on my ways , and turned my feet unto thy testimonies .
26 : 13 And under their hand was an army , three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred , that made war with mighty power , to help the king against the enemy .
This was too much for the good Moon ; he put out his big light , all at once , and left the sky pitch - black . "
Elton , how elegant she looks !-- Beautiful lace !-- Now we all follow in her train .
And others said , That it is a prophet , or as one of the prophets .
4 : 25 For he that hath , to him shall be given : and he that hath not , from him shall be taken even that which he hath .
21 : 17 How oft is the candle of the wicked put out !
" No , not now , I thank you .
1 : 43 And Jonathan answered and said to Adonijah , Verily our lord king David hath made Solomon king .
9 : 30 If I wash myself with snow water , and make my hands never so clean ; 9 : 31 Yet shalt thou plunge me in the ditch , and mine own clothes shall abhor me .
shall it not utterly wither , when the east wind toucheth it ?
I believe you were glad we danced no longer ; but I would have given worlds -- all the worlds one ever has to give -- for another half - hour ."
11 : 30 If I must needs glory , I will glory of the things which concern mine infirmities .
A valuable legacy indeed !
It was only to ask Elinor to marry him ;-- and considering that he was not altogether inexperienced in such a question , it might be strange that he should feel so uncomfortable in the present case as he really did , so much in need of encouragement and fresh air .
I will ," said the giant , giving such a prod of the knife into his own stomach that he killed himself .
have not I held my peace even of old , and thou fearest me not ?
And here , instead of its being a matter of condolence , it turns out to be one of congratulation .-- I congratulate you , Mr .
I am very sure myself , that had Willoughby turned out as really amiable , as he has proved himself the contrary , Marianne would yet never have been so happy with HIM , as she will be with Colonel Brandon ."
4 : 14 Neglect not the gift that is in thee , which was given thee by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery .
The conclusion of the whole was , that if the woman who had been sensible of Captain Wentworth ' s merits could be allowed to prefer another man , there was nothing in the engagement to excite lasting wonder ; and if Captain Wentworth lost no friend by it , certainly nothing to be regretted .
thou hast killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword , and hast taken his wife to be thy wife , and hast slain him with the sword of the children of Ammon .
32 : 3 And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim , and the ears of them that hear shall hearken .
31 : 13 If I did despise the cause of my manservant or of my maidservant , when they contended with me ; 31 : 14 What then shall I do when God riseth up ?
Mrs .
11 : 17 Then when Jesus came , he found that he had lain in the grave four days already .
Soon spreads the dismal shade Of Mystery over his head , And the caterpillar and fly Feed on the Mystery .
Mr .
I have no fears at all for myself ; and I should have no scruples of staying as late as Mrs .
12 : 24 He taketh away the heart of the chief of the people of the earth , and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no way .
She was sensible and clever ; but eager in everything : her sorrows , her joys , could have no moderation .
Sweet moan , sweeter smile , All the dovelike moans beguile .
Marianne to be sure is lost to me for ever .
A short , a very short time however must now decide what Willoughby ' s intentions were ; in all probability he was already in town .
2 : 19 Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners , but fellowcitizens with the saints , and of the household of God ; 2 : 20 And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets , Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone ; 2 : 21 In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord : 2 : 22 In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit .
36 : 31 And these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom , before there reigned any king over the children of Israel .
And from the wilderness they went to Mattanah : 21 : 19 And from Mattanah to Nahaliel : and from Nahaliel to Bamoth : 21 : 20 And from Bamoth in the valley , that is in the country of Moab , to the top of Pisgah , which looketh toward Jeshimon .
6 : 2 Have mercy upon me , O LORD ; for I am weak : O LORD , heal me ; for my bones are vexed .
7 : 8 The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more : thine eyes are upon me , and I am not .
28 : 15 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering unto the LORD shall be offered , beside the continual burnt offering , and his drink offering .
15 : 20 And every thing that she lieth upon in her separation shall be unclean : every thing also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean .
1 : 20 Therefore God dealt well with the midwives : and the people multiplied , and waxed very mighty .
8 : 31 And Moses said unto Aaron and to his sons , Boil the flesh at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : and there eat it with the bread that is in the basket of consecrations , as I commanded , saying , Aaron and his sons shall eat it .
17 : 17 A friend loveth at all times , and a brother is born for adversity .
68 : 4 Sing unto God , sing praises to his name : extol him that rideth upon the heavens by his name JAH , and rejoice before him .
I saw she had execution , but I did not know she had any taste .
And they sat down .
They will be all wanting a home .
97 : 1 The LORD reigneth ; let the earth rejoice ; let the multitude of isles be glad thereof .
In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter .
1 : 15 The LORD hath trodden under foot all my mighty men in the midst of me : he hath called an assembly against me to crush my young men : the LORD hath trodden the virgin , the daughter of Judah , as in a winepress .
If she suspected ANY prepossession elsewhere , it could not be in THAT quarter . '
18 : 39 And they which went before rebuked him , that he should hold his peace : but he cried so much the more , Thou son of David , have mercy on me .
8 : 9 Now therefore hearken unto their voice : howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them , and shew them the manner of the king that shall reign over them .
8 : 38 Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation ; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed , when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels .
But I beg your pardon ; I have interrupted you .
4 : 3 But Zerubbabel , and Jeshua , and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel , said unto them , Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God ; but we ourselves together will build unto the LORD God of Israel , as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us .
16 : 15 Seven days shalt thou keep a solemn feast unto the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD shall choose : because the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thine increase , and in all the works of thine hands , therefore thou shalt surely rejoice .
13 : 16 These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the land .
But -- it was NOT Colonel Brandon -- neither his air -- nor his height .
Every thing in her household arrangements was conducted on the most liberal plan , and excepting a few old city friends , whom , to Lady Middleton ' s regret , she had never dropped , she visited no one to whom an introduction could at all discompose the feelings of her young companions .
4 : 52 Then enquired he of them the hour when he began to amend .
The Acts of the Apostles 1 : 1 The former treatise have I made , O Theophilus , of all that Jesus began both to do and teach , 1 : 2 Until the day in which he was taken up , after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen : 1 : 3 To whom also he shewed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs , being seen of them forty days , and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God : 1 : 4 And , being assembled together with them , commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the Father , which , saith he , ye have heard of me .
23 : 14 Thou shalt beat him with the rod , and shalt deliver his soul from hell .
And as for Mrs .
Emma ' s colour was heightened by this unjust praise ; and with a smile , and shake of the head , which spoke much , she looked at Mr .
Presently one little weak child - voice called out ,-- " It ' s the nicest Christmas tree I ever saw !"
30 : 21 And their nobles shall be of themselves , and their governor shall proceed from the midst of them ; and I will cause him to draw near , and he shall approach unto me : for who is this that engaged his heart to approach unto me ?
And he answered , Until the cities be wasted without inhabitant , and the houses without man , and the land be utterly desolate , 6 : 12 And the LORD have removed men far away , and there be a great forsaking in the midst of the land .
33 : 27 Say thou thus unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; As I live , surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword , and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured , and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence .
Come , come , this won ' t do , Colonel ; so let us hear the truth of it ."
1 : 10 And they said unto her , Surely we will return with thee unto thy people .
14 : 25 And there went great multitudes with him : and he turned , and said unto them , 14 : 26 If any man come to me , and hate not his father , and mother , and wife , and children , and brethren , and sisters , yea , and his own life also , he cannot be my disciple .
8 : 44 Ye are of your father the devil , and the lusts of your father ye will do .
16 : 25 And Moses said , Eat that to day ; for to day is a sabbath unto the LORD : to day ye shall not find it in the field .
And the other king ' s eyes grew sad and stern .
23 : 24 Thou shalt not bow down to their gods , nor serve them , nor do after their works : but thou shalt utterly overthrow them , and quite break down their images .
148 : 7 Praise the LORD from the earth , ye dragons , and all deeps : 148 : 8 Fire , and hail ; snow , and vapours ; stormy wind fulfilling his word : 148 : 9 Mountains , and all hills ; fruitful trees , and all cedars : 148 : 10 Beasts , and all cattle ; creeping things , and flying fowl : 148 : 11 Kings of the earth , and all people ; princes , and all judges of the earth : 148 : 12 Both young men , and maidens ; old men , and children : 148 : 13 Let them praise the name of the LORD : for his name alone is excellent ; his glory is above the earth and heaven .
You , who have been the best friend I ever had in my life -- Want gratitude to you !-- Nobody is equal to you !-- I care for nobody as I do for you !-- Oh !
15 : 4 In whose eyes a vile person is contemned ; but he honoureth them that fear the LORD .
Exquisite , quite exquisite !-- Still , however , having proceeded so far , one is unwilling to give the matter up .
9 : 33 And it came to pass , as they departed from him , Peter said unto Jesus , Master , it is good for us to be here : and let us make three tabernacles ; one for thee , and one for Moses , and one for Elias : not knowing what he said .
25 : 2 And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah .
2 : 18 What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it ; the molten image , and a teacher of lies , that the maker of his work trusteth therein , to make dumb idols ?
23 : 8 And he communed with them , saying , If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight ; hear me , and intreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar , 23 : 9 That he may give me the cave of Machpelah , which he hath , which is in the end of his field ; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you .
23 : 24 These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers ; even the chief of the fathers , as they were counted by number of names by their polls , that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD , from the age of twenty years and upward .
dear -- I think you play the best of the two .
41 : 13 Blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting , and to everlasting .
9 : 22 But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no bondmen : but they were men of war , and his servants , and his princes , and his captains , and rulers of his chariots , and his horsemen .
But this was what had happened .
But I thought he would have staid now , and it would have been a pity not to have mentioned .
It must be her ardent wish that Harriet might be disappointed ; and she hoped , that when able to see them together again , she might at least be able to ascertain what the chances for it were .-- She should see them henceforward with the closest observance ; and wretchedly as she had hitherto misunderstood even those she was watching , she did not know how to admit that she could be blinded here .-- He was expected back every day .
5 : 20 And they met Moses and Aaron , who stood in the way , as they came forth from Pharaoh : 5 : 21 And they said unto them , The LORD look upon you , and judge ; because ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the eyes of Pharaoh , and in the eyes of his servants , to put a sword in their hand to slay us .
46 : 1 God is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble .
The Eagle soared slowly overhead a moment , then he came lower , and spoke in a thin , clear voice . "
said the Tiger . "
14 : 1 And Samson went down to Timnath , and saw a woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines .
There was a little blush , and then this answer , " I must not hope to be ever situated as you are , in the midst of every dearest connexion , and therefore I cannot expect that simply growing older should make me indifferent about letters ."
40 : 13 Moreover Johanan the son of Kareah , and all the captains of the forces that were in the fields , came to Gedaliah to Mizpah , 40 : 14 And said unto him , Dost thou certainly know that Baalis the king of the Ammonites hath sent Ishmael the son of Nethaniah to slay thee ?
It was so humiliating to reflect on the constant deception practised on her father and Elizabeth ; to consider the various sources of mortification preparing for them !
And the king spake and said unto Daniel , Art thou that Daniel , which art of the children of the captivity of Judah , whom the king my father brought out of Jewry ?
7 : 46 In the plain of Jordan did the king cast them , in the clay ground between Succoth and Zarthan .
Is he not a man of honour and feeling ?
Simple worth is far better than rank or wealth without modesty and unselfishness -- and there is no _true_ beauty where these virtues are absent !"
We do not live a great way from him in the country , you know .
5 : 2 And when he was come out of the ship , immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit , 5 : 3 Who had his dwelling among the tombs ; and no man could bind him , no , not with chains : 5 : 4 Because that he had been often bound with fetters and chains , and the chains had been plucked asunder by him , and the fetters broken in pieces : neither could any man tame him .
Do not you think it is quite a mistaken point of conscience , when a clergyman sacrifices his health for the sake of duties , which may be just as well performed by another person ?
Verily , verily , I say unto thee , The cock shall not crow , till thou hast denied me thrice .
27 : 24 And he said , Art thou my very son Esau ?
said Mrs .
1 : 10 But these speak evil of those things which they know not : but what they know naturally , as brute beasts , in those things they corrupt themselves .
The men tried to kill the crickets by beating them down , but the numbers were so great that it was like beating at the sea .
8 : 12 And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled , he pursued after them , and took the two kings of Midian , Zebah and Zalmunna , and discomfited all the host .
5 : 14 And the officers of the children of Israel , which Pharaoh ' s taskmasters had set over them , were beaten , and demanded , Wherefore have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to day , as heretofore ?
26 : 19 Did Hezekiah king of Judah and all Judah put him at all to death ?
I hardly looked at him , I was looking at the horses ; but I think he had something of the Elliot countenance , I wonder the arms did not strike me !
37 : 4 It may be the LORD thy God will hear the words of Rabshakeh , whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God , and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard : wherefore lift up thy prayer for the remnant that is left .
He that is able to receive it , let him receive it .
18 : 33 And he put the wood in order , and cut the bullock in pieces , and laid him on the wood , and said , Fill four barrels with water , and pour it on the burnt sacrifice , and on the wood .
24 : 11 If thou forbear to deliver them that are drawn unto death , and those that are ready to be slain ; 24 : 12 If thou sayest , Behold , we knew it not ; doth not he that pondereth the heart consider it ?
40 : 16 When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good , he said unto Joseph , I also was in my dream , and , behold , I had three white baskets on my head : 40 : 17 And in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of bakemeats for Pharaoh ; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head .
1 : 7 And the sons of Javan ; Elishah , and Tarshish , Kittim , and Dodanim .
86 : 16 O turn unto me , and have mercy upon me ; give thy strength unto thy servant , and save the son of thine handmaid .
7 : 27 But he that did his neighbour wrong thrust him away , saying , Who made thee a ruler and a judge over us ?
4 : 10 And thy meat which thou shalt eat shall be by weight , twenty shekels a day : from time to time shalt thou eat it .
18 : 13 And the border went over from thence toward Luz , to the side of Luz , which is Bethel , southward ; and the border descended to Atarothadar , near the hill that lieth on the south side of the nether Bethhoron .
" To London !-- and are you going this morning ?"
2 : 61 And of the children of the priests : the children of Habaiah , the children of Koz , the children of Barzillai ; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite , and was called after their name : 2 : 62 These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy , but they were not found : therefore were they , as polluted , put from the priesthood .
How could it ever be ascertained that his mind was truly cleansed ?
Let me know what you think of this .
18 : 2 And Elijah went to shew himself unto Ahab .
And the dried cherries too !
10 : 17 LORD , thou hast heard the desire of the humble : thou wilt prepare their heart , thou wilt cause thine ear to hear : 10 : 18 To judge the fatherless and the oppressed , that the man of the earth may no more oppress .
2 : 11 For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all of one : for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren , 2 : 12 Saying , I will declare thy name unto my brethren , in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee .
24 : 5 And the servant said unto him , Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land : must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest ?
30 : 19 For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat : 30 : 20 When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation , they shall wash with water , that they die not ; or when they come near to the altar to minister , to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD : 30 : 21 So they shall wash their hands and their feet , that they die not : and it shall be a statute for ever to them , even to him and to his seed throughout their generations .
Where could you possibly hear it , Mr .
I never saw Lucy in such a rage in my life .
7 : 36 And he charged them that they should tell no man : but the more he charged them , so much the more a great deal they published it ; 7 : 37 And were beyond measure astonished , saying , He hath done all things well : he maketh both the deaf to hear , and the dumb to speak .
And she began to sink softly down toward the earth .
15 : 7 Art thou the first man that was born ?
25 : 20 As he that taketh away a garment in cold weather , and as vinegar upon nitre , so is he that singeth songs to an heavy heart .
" Oh !
But you know -- if you don ' t , you will when you are grown up -- that no matter how clever you are , sooner or later you surely meet some one who is more clever .
Elinor ' s heart , which had undergone many changes in the course of this extraordinary conversation , was now softened again ;-- yet she felt it her duty to check such ideas in her companion as the last . "
66 : 6 A voice of noise from the city , a voice from the temple , a voice of the LORD that rendereth recompence to his enemies .
10 : 48 And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord .
Out jumped the little Gingerbread Boy on to the floor , and away he ran , out of the door and down the street !
9 : 3 Yet have I sent the brethren , lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf ; that , as I said , ye may be ready : 9 : 4 Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me , and find you unprepared , we ( that we say not , ye ) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting .
4 : 14 And Meonothai begat Ophrah : and Seraiah begat Joab , the father of the valley of Charashim ; for they were craftsmen .
I have had a little knowledge of their methods of doing business ; and I am free to confess that they have very liberal notions , and are as likely to make desirable tenants as any set of people one should meet with .
Goddard ' s acquaintance .
3 : 10 Because thou hast kept the word of my patience , I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation , which shall come upon all the world , to try them that dwell upon the earth .
9 : 9 And they shall answer , Because they forsook the LORD their God , who brought forth their fathers out of the land of Egypt , and have taken hold upon other gods , and have worshipped them , and served them : therefore hath the LORD brought upon them all this evil .
Miss Carteret was with her mother ; consequently it was not reasonable to expect accommodation for all the three Camden Place ladies .
9 : 28 And his servants carried him in a chariot to Jerusalem , and buried him in his sepulchre with his fathers in the city of David .
4 : 13 And when the devil had ended all the temptation , he departed from him for a season .
51 : 24 And I will render unto Babylon and to all the inhabitants of Chaldea all their evil that they have done in Zion in your sight , saith the LORD .
28 : 12 And he dreamed , and behold a ladder set up on the earth , and the top of it reached to heaven : and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it .
We both abhor suspense .
But it would have been more like Willoughby to acknowledge them at once .
3 : 30 Because they said , He hath an unclean spirit .
14 : 21 And all the people of Judah took Azariah , which was sixteen years old , and made him king instead of his father Amaziah .
Such a letter was not to be soon recovered from .
30 : 1 The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD , saying , 30 : 2 Thus speaketh the LORD God of Israel , saying , Write thee all the words that I have spoken unto thee in a book .
My acquaintance with him has been but trifling .-- And even if I have not underrated him hitherto , he may yet turn out well .-- With such a woman he has a chance .-- I have no motive for wishing him ill -- and for her sake , whose happiness will be involved in his good character and conduct , I shall certainly wish him well ."
9 : 14 And he did wash the inwards and the legs , and burnt them upon the burnt offering on the altar .
1 : 4 And the mountains shall be molten under him , and the valleys shall be cleft , as wax before the fire , and as the waters that are poured down a steep place .
36 : 21 The length of a board was ten cubits , and the breadth of a board one cubit and a half .
20 : 17 Bread of deceit is sweet to a man ; but afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel .
But there is nothing at all of that nature in the letter .
9 : 10 And there was a certain disciple at Damascus , named Ananias ; and to him said the Lord in a vision , Ananias .
He perfectly knew his own meaning ; and having warmly protested against her suspicion as most injurious , and slightly touched upon his respect for Miss Smith as her friend ,-- but acknowledging his wonder that Miss Smith should be mentioned at all ,-- he resumed the subject of his own passion , and was very urgent for a favourable answer .
4 : 21 And the LORD said unto Moses , When thou goest to return into Egypt , see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh , which I have put in thine hand : but I will harden his heart , that he shall not let the people go .
and who are my brethren ?
Weston had , by gentle encouragement , overcome so much of her embarrassment , as to bring her to converse on the important subject .
9 : 12 One woe is past ; and , behold , there come two woes more hereafter .
" Oh !"
yes ; we are always forced to be acquainted whenever she comes to Highbury .
Soon , however , she began to reason with herself , and try to be feeling less .
Edward Ferrars , the very young man I used to joke with you about ( but however , as it turns out , I am monstrous glad there was never any thing in it ), Mr .
37 : 11 And his brethren envied him ; but his father observed the saying .
And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth , to kill with sword , and with hunger , and with death , and with the beasts of the earth .
" As to the circumstances of her birth , though in a legal sense she may be called Nobody , it will not hold in common sense .
17 : 5 Whoso mocketh the poor reproacheth his Maker : and he that is glad at calamities shall not be unpunished .
I had imagined you were consulting me only as to the wording of it ."
" No ,"-- he calmly replied ,--" there is but one married woman in the world whom I can ever allow to invite what guests she pleases to Donwell , and that one is --" "-- Mrs .
The beginning , however , of every visit displayed none but the properest feelings , and this being of necessity so short might be hoped to pass away in unsullied cordiality .
Oh !
Knightley .--" Emma , that I fear is a word -- No , I have no wish -- Stay , yes , why should I hesitate ?-- I have gone too far already for concealment .-- Emma , I accept your offer -- Extraordinary as it may seem , I accept it , and refer myself to you as a friend .-- Tell me , then , have I no chance of ever succeeding ?"
behold , the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door , and shall carry thee out .
I pray thee hide it not from me : God do so to thee , and more also , if thou hide any thing from me of all the things that he said unto thee .
3 : 16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God , and is profitable for doctrine , for reproof , for correction , for instruction in righteousness : 3 : 17 That the man of God may be perfect , throughly furnished unto all good works .
119 : 63 I am a companion of all them that fear thee , and of them that keep thy precepts .
But we never did .
11 : 25 The liberal soul shall be made fat : and he that watereth shall be watered also himself .
28 : 25 He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife : but he that putteth his trust in the LORD shall be made fat .
10 : 32 And likewise a Levite , when he was at the place , came and looked on him , and passed by on the other side .
Pratt ' s family , with any satisfaction . "
3 : 6 But now when Timotheus came from you unto us , and brought us good tidings of your faith and charity , and that ye have good remembrance of us always , desiring greatly to see us , as we also to see you : 3 : 7 Therefore , brethren , we were comforted over you in all our affliction and distress by your faith : 3 : 8 For now we live , if ye stand fast in the Lord .
Suckling , Mrs .
I am sure Miss Fairfax must have found the evening pleasant , Emma .
The fox went into it , and when the tailor had him down , he shut him in .
4 : 18 There is no fear in love ; but perfect love casteth out fear : because fear hath torment .
29 : 22 And Laban gathered together all the men of the place , and made a feast .
14 : 12 Then said he also to him that bade him , When thou makest a dinner or a supper , call not thy friends , nor thy brethren , neither thy kinsmen , nor thy rich neighbours ; lest they also bid thee again , and a recompence be made thee .
24 : 9 They shall not drink wine with a song ; strong drink shall be bitter to them that drink it .
23 : 24 Behold , the people shall rise up as a great lion , and lift up himself as a young lion : he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey , and drink the blood of the slain .
30 : 19 Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
Indeed I think it quite melancholy to have such excellent people as Dr and Mrs Shirley , who have been doing good all their lives , wearing out their last days in a place like Uppercross , where , excepting our family , they seem shut out from all the world .
The youth and cheerfulness of morning are in happy analogy , and of powerful operation ; and if the distress be not poignant enough to keep the eyes unclosed , they will be sure to open to sensations of softened pain and brighter hope .
I saw them turn the corner from Bath Street just now .
At nineteen , you know , one does not think very seriously ; but Mr Elliot appeared to me quite as good as others , and much more agreeable than most others , and we were almost always together .
behold , I cannot speak : for I am a child .
" If you please , my dear .
But it was not the kind old Moon at all ; it was the great mother Sun , just coming up out of her home in the sea , to begin her day ' s work . "
10 : 16 And when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them , the people answered the king , saying , What portion have we in David ?
Mr .
woe unto thee , Bethsaida !
18 : 3 All ye inhabitants of the world , and dwellers on the earth , see ye , when he lifteth up an ensign on the mountains ; and when he bloweth a trumpet , hear ye .
22 : 23 If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed unto an husband , and a man find her in the city , and lie with her ; 22 : 24 Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate of that city , and ye shall stone them with stones that they die ; the damsel , because she cried not , being in the city ; and the man , because he hath humbled his neighbour ' s wife : so thou shalt put away evil from among you .
3 : 5 Trust in the LORD with all thine heart ; and lean not unto thine own understanding .
13 : 19 It is like a grain of mustard seed , which a man took , and cast into his garden ; and it grew , and waxed a great tree ; and the fowls of the air lodged in the branches of it .
Disingenuousness and double dealing seemed to meet him at every turn .
3 : 8 Was the LORD displeased against the rivers ?
So then he was monstrous happy , and talked on some time about what they should do , and they agreed he should take orders directly , and they must wait to be married till he got a living .
Frederick Wentworth had used such words , or something like them , but without an idea that they would be carried round to her .
With great surprise therefore , did she find herself prevented by a settled rain from going out again after dinner .
26 : 2 Examine me , O LORD , and prove me ; try my reins and my heart .
Marianne heard enough .
" Oh !
4 : 12 And I answered again , and said unto him , What be these two olive branches which through the two golden pipes empty the golden oil out of themselves ?
19 : 19 So he departed thence , and found Elisha the son of Shaphat , who was plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before him , and he with the twelfth : and Elijah passed by him , and cast his mantle upon him .
7 : 20 And the chapiters upon the two pillars had pomegranates also above , over against the belly which was by the network : and the pomegranates were two hundred in rows round about upon the other chapiter .
Weston Churchill .'
This does not seem much like joy , indeed , in me --( twinkling away a tear or two )-- but it will be very trying for us to part with her , after having had her so long , and she has a dreadful headache just now , writing all the morning :-- such long letters , you know , to be written to Colonel Campbell , and Mrs .
10 : 27 What I tell you in darkness , that speak ye in light : and what ye hear in the ear , that preach ye upon the housetops .
3 : 5 I charge you , O ye daughters of Jerusalem , by the roes , and by the hinds of the field , that ye stir not up , nor awake my love , till he please .
22 : 37 For I say unto you , that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me , And he was reckoned among the transgressors : for the things concerning me have an end .
17 : 7 And there was a young man out of Bethlehemjudah of the family of Judah , who was a Levite , and he sojourned there .
5 : 12 And the men that died not were smitten with the emerods : and the cry of the city went up to heaven .
3 : 8 Will a man rob God ?
14 : 4 And there were some that had indignation within themselves , and said , Why was this waste of the ointment made ?
26 : 27 King Agrippa , believest thou the prophets ?
6 : 8 And it came to pass , when Joshua had spoken unto the people , that the seven priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams ' horns passed on before the LORD , and blew with the trumpets : and the ark of the covenant of the LORD followed them .
Jennings ( as she had of late often hoped might be the case ) had ceased to imagine her at all attached to Edward ; and happy above all the rest , in the absence of Marianne , she felt very well able to speak of the affair without embarrassment , and to give her judgment , as she believed , with impartiality on the conduct of every one concerned in it .
2 : 14 And Adam was not deceived , but the woman being deceived was in the transgression .
" What !
She was in dancing , singing , exclaiming spirits ; and till she had moved about , and talked to herself , and laughed and reflected , she could be fit for nothing rational .
To the chief singer on my stringed instruments .
33 : 14 For God speaketh once , yea twice , yet man perceiveth it not .
2 : 22 So the waters were healed unto this day , according to the saying of Elisha which he spake .
16 : 27 So they gat up from the tabernacle of Korah , Dathan , and Abiram , on every side : and Dathan and Abiram came out , and stood in the door of their tents , and their wives , and their sons , and their little children .
13 : 21 Your kerchiefs also will I tear , and deliver my people out of your hand , and they shall be no more in your hand to be hunted ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
It was as much , however , as was desired , and more than was expected , by Edward and Elinor ; and Mrs .
34 : 17 But if ye will not hearken unto us , to be circumcised ; then will we take our daughter , and we will be gone .
29 : 8 And they said , We cannot , until all the flocks be gathered together , and till they roll the stone from the well ' s mouth ; then we water the sheep .
Still another day the boy tried the same trick , and the villagers came running to help and got laughed at again .
" I am delighted to hear you speak so stoutly on the subject ," replied Emma , smiling ; " but you do not mean to deny that there was a time -- and not very distant either -- when you gave me reason to understand that you did care about him ?"
27 : 10 Thine own friend , and thy father ' s friend , forsake not ; neither go into thy brother ' s house in the day of thy calamity : for better is a neighbour that is near than a brother far off .
2 : 22 Now Eli was very old , and heard all that his sons did unto all Israel ; and how they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
9 : 47 And it was told Abimelech , that all the men of the tower of Shechem were gathered together .
Mr Shepherd was completely empowered to act ; and no sooner had such an end been reached , than Anne , who had been a most attentive listener to the whole , left the room , to seek the comfort of cool air for her flushed cheeks ; and as she walked along a favourite grove , said , with a gentle sigh , " A few months more , and he , perhaps , may be walking here ."
9 : 16 And I looked , and , behold , ye had sinned against the LORD your God , and had made you a molten calf : ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which the LORD had commanded you .
3 : 25 Ye are the children of the prophets , and of the covenant which God made with our fathers , saying unto Abraham , And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed .
18 : 29 Pilate then went out unto them , and said , What accusation bring ye against this man ?
But why should you dislike him ?"
16 : 28 Give unto the LORD , ye kindreds of the people , give unto the LORD glory and strength .
Dear me !
4 : 8 So two or three cities wandered unto one city , to drink water ; but they were not satisfied : yet have ye not returned unto me , saith the LORD .
There is a quickness of perception in some , a nicety in the discernment of character , a natural penetration , in short , which no experience in others can equal , and Lady Russell had been less gifted in this part of understanding than her young friend .
2 : 10 My beloved spake , and said unto me , Rise up , my love , my fair one , and come away .
One can suppose nothing else ," added Mrs .
Selah .
26 : 9 As a thorn goeth up into the hand of a drunkard , so is a parable in the mouths of fools .
I had not the least idea !-- Jane took Mrs .
17 : 16 As for me , I have not hastened from being a pastor to follow thee : neither have I desired the woeful day ; thou knowest : that which came out of my lips was right before thee .
2 : 12 And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write ; These things saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges ; 2 : 13 I know thy works , and where thou dwellest , even where Satan ' s seat is : and thou holdest fast my name , and hast not denied my faith , even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr , who was slain among you , where Satan dwelleth .
5 : 15 And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt , and that the LORD thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm : therefore the LORD thy God commanded thee to keep the sabbath day .
32 : 39 See now that I , even I , am he , and there is no god with me : I kill , and I make alive ; I wound , and I heal : neither is there any that can deliver out of my hand .
yes , very .
4 : 29 At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the kingdom of Babylon .
I dare say Miss Nash would envy you such an opportunity as this of being married .
from heaven , or of men ?
23 : 13 And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy .
And he did eat and drink , and laid him down again .
In the warmth of true contrition , she would call upon her the very next morning , and it should be the beginning , on her side , of a regular , equal , kindly intercourse .
32 : 30 And it came to pass on the morrow , that Moses said unto the people , Ye have sinned a great sin : and now I will go up unto the LORD ; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin .
36 : 26 A new heart also will I give you , and a new spirit will I put within you : and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh , and I will give you an heart of flesh .
Mr .
5 : 11 And Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David , and cedar trees , and carpenters , and masons : and they built David an house .
25 : 10 Moreover I will take from them the voice of mirth , and the voice of gladness , the voice of the bridegroom , and the voice of the bride , the sound of the millstones , and the light of the candle .
What would you advise me to do ?
7 : 1 How beautiful are thy feet with shoes , O prince ' s daughter !
7 : 17 For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them , and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters : and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes .
4 : 4 Then said the LORD , Doest thou well to be angry ?
3 : 19 But Herod the tetrarch , being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip ' s wife , and for all the evils which Herod had done , 3 : 20 Added yet this above all , that he shut up John in prison .
6 : 25 Lust not after her beauty in thine heart ; neither let her take thee with her eyelids .
7 : 1 Now when he had ended all his sayings in the audience of the people , he entered into Capernaum .
Oh !
Knightley is well ?"
18 : 3 Then Jonathan and David made a covenant , because he loved him as his own soul .
16 : 39 And Eleazar the priest took the brasen censers , wherewith they that were burnt had offered ; and they were made broad plates for a covering of the altar : 16 : 40 To be a memorial unto the children of Israel , that no stranger , which is not of the seed of Aaron , come near to offer incense before the LORD ; that he be not as Korah , and as his company : as the LORD said to him by the hand of Moses .
14 : 19 The evil bow before the good ; and the wicked at the gates of the righteous .
And all the people shall answer and say , Amen .
1 : 16 I communed with mine own heart , saying , Lo , I am come to great estate , and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in Jerusalem : yea , my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge .
10 : 6 Then he wrote a letter the second time to them , saying , If ye be mine , and if ye will hearken unto my voice , take ye the heads of the men your master ' s sons , and come to me to Jezreel by to morrow this time .
you were perfectly right !
1 : 20 Where is the wise ?
" I remember once calling you ` George ,' in one of my amiable fits , about ten years ago .
7 : 10 And Moses and Aaron went in unto Pharaoh , and they did so as the LORD had commanded : and Aaron cast down his rod before Pharaoh , and before his servants , and it became a serpent .
6 : 56 He that eateth my flesh , and drinketh my blood , dwelleth in me , and I in him .
The disproportion in their fortune was nothing ; it did not give her a moment ' s regret ; but to have no family to receive and estimate him properly , nothing of respectability , of harmony , of good will to offer in return for all the worth and all the prompt welcome which met her in his brothers and sisters , was a source of as lively pain as her mind could well be sensible of under circumstances of otherwise strong felicity .
3 : 5 Before him went the pestilence , and burning coals went forth at his feet .
25 : 17 The troubles of my heart are enlarged : O bring thou me out of my distresses .
I mean to make my profit of Mrs Wallis , however .
Anne found in Mrs Smith the good sense and agreeable manners which she had almost ventured to depend on , and a disposition to converse and be cheerful beyond her expectation .
Jennings came home , though she returned from seeing people whom she had never seen before , and of whom therefore she must have a great deal to say , her mind was so much more occupied by the important secret in her possession , than by anything else , that she reverted to it again as soon as Elinor appeared . "
21 : 16 And Ishbibenob , which was of the sons of the giant , the weight of whose spear weighed three hundred shekels of brass in weight , he being girded with a new sword , thought to have slain David .
23 : 5 Behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will raise unto David a righteous Branch , and a King shall reign and prosper , and shall execute judgment and justice in the earth .
The Admiral , after taking two or three refreshing turns about the room with his hands behind him , being called to order by his wife , now came up to Captain Wentworth , and without any observation of what he might be interrupting , thinking only of his own thoughts , began with -- " If you had been a week later at Lisbon , last spring , Frederick , you would have been asked to give a passage to Lady Mary Grierson and her daughters ."
119 : 22 Remove from me reproach and contempt ; for I have kept thy testimonies .
But " she could never get acquainted with her : she did not know how it was , but there was such coldness and reserve -- such apparent indifference whether she pleased or not -- and then , her aunt was such an eternal talker !-- and she was made such a fuss with by every body !-- and it had been always imagined that they were to be so intimate -- because their ages were the same , every body had supposed they must be so fond of each other ."
Margery ' s father took her in his arms . "
23 : 3 The God of Israel said , the Rock of Israel spake to me , He that ruleth over men must be just , ruling in the fear of God .
6 : 12 And Joshua rose early in the morning , and the priests took up the ark of the LORD .
Escape , however , was not his plan .
She was a very pretty girl , and her beauty happened to be of a sort which Emma particularly admired .
12 : 27 Now is my soul troubled ; and what shall I say ?
12 : 15 And he said unto them , Take heed , and beware of covetousness : for a man ' s life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth .
23 : 33 And when this people , or the prophet , or a priest , shall ask thee , saying , What is the burden of the LORD ?
28 : 1 And it shall come to pass , if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day , that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth : 28 : 2 And all these blessings shall come on thee , and overtake thee , if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God .
14 : 14 And they smote all the cities round about Gerar ; for the fear of the LORD came upon them : and they spoiled all the cities ; for there was exceeding much spoil in them .
1 : 20 And God said , Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life , and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven .
10 : 25 And they brought every man his present , vessels of silver , and vessels of gold , and garments , and armour , and spices , horses , and mules , a rate year by year .
He is so very strict and scrupulous in his notions ; over - scrupulous I must say .
" No , not all ," answered Marianne ; " we could not be more unfortunately situated ."
she cried , satisfied to have no one preferred to herself .--" You are a humourist , and may say what you like .
Knightley and Miss Woodhouse .
The First Epistle General of John 1 : 1 That which was from the beginning , which we have heard , which we have seen with our eyes , which we have looked upon , and our hands have handled , of the Word of life ; 1 : 2 ( For the life was manifested , and we have seen it , and bear witness , and shew unto you that eternal life , which was with the Father , and was manifested unto us ;) 1 : 3 That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you , that ye also may have fellowship with us : and truly our fellowship is with the Father , and with his Son Jesus Christ .
25 : 4 Take away the dross from the silver , and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer .
29 : 12 And thou shalt take of the blood of the bullock , and put it upon the horns of the altar with thy finger , and pour all the blood beside the bottom of the altar .
11 : 23 Jesus saith unto her , Thy brother shall rise again .
11 : 10 When it goeth well with the righteous , the city rejoiceth : and when the wicked perish , there is shouting .
12 : 22 The Levites in the days of Eliashib , Joiada , and Johanan , and Jaddua , were recorded chief of the fathers : also the priests , to the reign of Darius the Persian .
Weston better in my life -- never looking so well .
Knightley , who , for some reason best known to himself , had certainly taken an early dislike to Frank Churchill , was only growing to dislike him more .
It confesses that you have long understood me ."
A short absence from home had left his fair one unguarded by his attentions at this critical period , and when he came back he had the pain of finding very altered manners , and of seeing Captain Wentworth .
Well , so much the better for him .
9 : 3 And , behold , certain of the scribes said within themselves , This man blasphemeth .
I have the honour of being acquainted with a neighbour of yours , ( turning to Emma ,) a lady residing in or near Highbury ; a family of the name of Fairfax .
116 : 15 Precious in the sight of the LORD is the death of his saints .
5 : 42 And daily in the temple , and in every house , they ceased not to teach and preach Jesus Christ .
therefore it shall be , that what thing soever thou shalt hear out of the king ' s house , thou shalt tell it to Zadok and Abiathar the priests .
3 : 3 Her princes within her are roaring lions ; her judges are evening wolves ; they gnaw not the bones till the morrow .
I felt that she was infinitely dearer to me than any other woman in the world , and that I was using her infamously .
The wedding over , and the bride - people gone , her father and herself were left to dine together , with no prospect of a third to cheer a long evening .
39 : 19 And ye shall eat fat till ye be full , and drink blood till ye be drunken , of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you .
22 : 28 And whether it be cow , or ewe , ye shall not kill it and her young both in one day .
Dashwood took the house for a twelvemonth ; it was ready furnished , and she might have immediate possession .
3 : 12 Can the fig tree , my brethren , bear olive berries ?
123 : 1 Unto thee lift I up mine eyes , O thou that dwellest in the heavens .
The Elector assented , and the artist ordered a temporary screen to be built around the statue , so that his assistants could work undisturbed .
The cruelty of Mrs .
I can understand you --( nodding at Mr .
18 : 30 And he said unto him , Oh let not the LORD be angry , and I will speak : Peradventure there shall thirty be found there .
21 : 40 When the lord therefore of the vineyard cometh , what will he do unto those husbandmen ?
Now Nineveh was an exceeding great city of three days ' journey .
2 : 7 And she shall follow after her lovers , but she shall not overtake them ; and she shall seek them , but shall not find them : then shall she say , I will go and return to my first husband ; for then was it better with me than now .
26 : 16 Then said the princes and all the people unto the priests and to the prophets ; This man is not worthy to die : for he hath spoken to us in the name of the LORD our God .
7 : 37 And , behold , a woman in the city , which was a sinner , when she knew that Jesus sat at meat in the Pharisee ' s house , brought an alabaster box of ointment , 7 : 38 And stood at his feet behind him weeping , and began to wash his feet with tears , and did wipe them with the hairs of her head , and kissed his feet , and anointed them with the ointment .
And Joab and his men went all night , and they came to Hebron at break of day .
have they not divided the prey ; to every man a damsel or two ; to Sisera a prey of divers colours , a prey of divers colours of needlework , of divers colours of needlework on both sides , meet for the necks of them that take the spoil ?
That such letters , so full of affection and confidence , could have been so answered , Elinor , for Willoughby ' s sake , would have been unwilling to believe .
Captain Wentworth believed it impossible for man to be more attached to woman than poor Benwick had been to Fanny Harville , or to be more deeply afflicted under the dreadful change .
5 : 24 And Jesus went with him ; and much people followed him , and thronged him .
42 : 19 He turned about to the west side , and measured five hundred reeds with the measuring reed .
Nothing wrong in him escaped her .
36 : 2 For he flattereth himself in his own eyes , until his iniquity be found to be hateful .
I would rather be talking to you ," he replied ; " but as it seems a matter of justice , it shall be done ."
HER wisdom too limited the number of their servants to three ; two maids and a man , with whom they were speedily provided from amongst those who had formed their establishment at Norland .
Ferrars could say to make him put an end to the engagement , assisted too as you may well suppose by my arguments , and Fanny ' s entreaties , was of no avail .
3 : 12 If I have told you earthly things , and ye believe not , how shall ye believe , if I tell you of heavenly things ?
Every thing as natural and simple as possible .
To see Marianne , I felt , would be dreadful , and I even doubted whether I could see her again , and keep to my resolution .
14 : 11 And Asa cried unto the LORD his God , and said , LORD , it is nothing with thee to help , whether with many , or with them that have no power : help us , O LORD our God ; for we rest on thee , and in thy name we go against this multitude .
9 : 29 And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years : and he died .
Frank Churchill and Miss Woodhouse danced -- for doing that in which she need not blush to compare herself with Jane Fairfax -- and even for simple dancing itself , without any of the wicked aids of vanity -- to assist him first in pacing out the room they were in to see what it could be made to hold -- and then in taking the dimensions of the other parlour , in the hope of discovering , in spite of all that Mr .
6 : 18 And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the LORD : that it may be well with thee , and that thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers .
There is my sister ; and really quite her own little elegant figure !-- and the face not unlike .
4 : 17 As keepers of a field , are they against her round about ; because she hath been rebellious against me , saith the LORD .
He came in then and told the giant first to drink a gallon of the broth himself .
3 : 8 And thou shalt command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant , saying , When ye are come to the brink of the water of Jordan , ye shall stand still in Jordan .
Knightley had walked in then , soon after tea , and dissipated every melancholy fancy .
Emma thought with pleasure of some change of subject .
" No ," cried Anne , quickly , " it cannot be Mr Elliot , I assure you .
have it to thyself before God .
So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians , they fought with him .
11 : 24 And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel , of the children of Zerah the son of Judah , was at the king ' s hand in all matters concerning the people .
28 : 26 When he made a decree for the rain , and a way for the lightning of the thunder : 28 : 27 Then did he see it , and declare it ; he prepared it , yea , and searched it out .
" I have not the smallest objection on that account ," replied Anne . "
Mrs .
Now that which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away .
17 : 21 And it came to pass , after they were departed , that they came up out of the well , and went and told king David , and said unto David , Arise , and pass quickly over the water : for thus hath Ahithophel counselled against you .
8 : 3 And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery ; and when they had set her in the midst , 8 : 4 They say unto him , Master , this woman was taken in adultery , in the very act .
17 : 19 Then came the disciples to Jesus apart , and said , Why could not we cast him out ?
It was known that they were a little acquainted ; but not a syllable of real information could Emma procure as to what he truly was . "
And what does talking ever do you know ?"
1 : 15 They take up all of them with the angle , they catch them in their net , and gather them in their drag : therefore they rejoice and are glad .
or as one man mocketh another , do ye so mock him ?
And it was spoken with a sort of sighing animation , which had a vast deal of the lover .
" That conviction must be every thing to you ; and he is undoubtedly supported by the same trust in your ' s .
The two families were so continually meeting , so much in the habit of running in and out of each other ' s house at all hours , that it was rather a surprise to her to find Mary alone ; but being alone , her being unwell and out of spirits was almost a matter of course .
The wants and sufferings of the poor family , however , were the first subject on meeting .
15 : 10 If ye keep my commandments , ye shall abide in my love ; even as I have kept my Father ' s commandments , and abide in his love .
8 : 15 And many among them shall stumble , and fall , and be broken , and be snared , and be taken .
29 : 5 And I will leave thee thrown into the wilderness , thee and all the fish of thy rivers : thou shalt fall upon the open fields ; thou shalt not be brought together , nor gathered : I have given thee for meat to the beasts of the field and to the fowls of the heaven .
Not more than five couple could be mustered ; but the rarity and the suddenness of it made it very delightful , and she found herself well matched in a partner .
I have seen you only as the admirer of my friend .
16 : 1 Preserve me , O God : for in thee do I put my trust .
She is the natural daughter of nobody knows whom , with probably no settled provision at all , and certainly no respectable relations .
10 : 15 Break thou the arm of the wicked and the evil man : seek out his wickedness till thou find none .
25 : 3 They that were foolish took their lamps , and took no oil with them : 25 : 4 But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps .
29 : 8 Wherefore the wrath of the LORD was upon Judah and Jerusalem , and he hath delivered them to trouble , to astonishment , and to hissing , as ye see with your eyes .
Mr .
4 : 13 Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king , who will no more be admonished .
So he drew off his shoe .
A proper establishment of servants , a carriage , perhaps two , and hunters , cannot be supported on less ."
Elton is good - humoured , cheerful , obliging , and gentle .
Bates , might be depended on for bearing him company -- Mr .
18 : 26 And the LORD said , If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city , then I will spare all the place for their sakes .
14 : 4 These are the beasts which ye shall eat : the ox , the sheep , and the goat , 14 : 5 The hart , and the roebuck , and the fallow deer , and the wild goat , and the pygarg , and the wild ox , and the chamois .
But there was one method so direct , so simple , and in her opinion so eligible of knowing the real state of the affair , and of instantly removing all mystery , that she could not help suggesting it to her mother . "
" Come , come ; this is all an effusion of immediate want of spirits , Edward .
what is thy beloved more than another beloved , that thou dost so charge us ?
16 : 8 But I will tarry at Ephesus until Pentecost .
40 : 8 And thou shalt set up the court round about , and hang up the hanging at the court gate .
25 : 8 Good and upright is the LORD : therefore will he teach sinners in the way .
45 : 27 And they told him all the words of Joseph , which he had said unto them : and when he saw the wagons which Joseph had sent to carry him , the spirit of Jacob their father revived : 45 : 28 And Israel said , It is enough ; Joseph my son is yet alive : I will go and see him before I die .
Salvation is of the LORD .
but now they are hid from thine eyes .
They would hardly come in their chaise , I think , at that season of the year .
MY KINGDOM The little Louisa I told you about , who wrote verses and stories in her diary , used to like to play that she was a princess , and that her kingdom was her own mind .
30 : 27 Then the priests the Levites arose and blessed the people : and their voice was heard , and their prayer came up to his holy dwelling place , even unto heaven .
fear not ; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is .
12 : 10 Then died Ibzan , and was buried at Bethlehem .
His demands and your inexperience together , on a small , very small income , must have brought on distresses which would not be the LESS grievous to you , from having been entirely unknown and unthought of before .
He may be very ` aimable ,' have very good manners , and be very agreeable ; but he can have no English delicacy towards the feelings of other people : nothing really amiable about him ."
In a short time Elinor saw Willoughby quit the room by the door towards the staircase , and telling Marianne that he was gone , urged the impossibility of speaking to him again that evening , as a fresh argument for her to be calm .
82 : 4 Deliver the poor and needy : rid them out of the hand of the wicked .
Dixon caught her .-- It was the work of a moment .
Does Elinor expect him already ?"
Elton ."
She wanted to be alone .
Margaret ' s sagacity was not always displayed in a way so satisfactory to her sister .
38 : 17 And he said , I will send thee a kid from the flock .
10 : 10 I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt , and gather them out of Assyria ; and I will bring them into the land of Gilead and Lebanon ; and place shall not be found for them .
And when Easter Day came , never had there been so lovely , so holy a day : in the great churches , filled with flowers , and sweet with incense , the kneeling people listened to the choirs singing , and it was like the voices of angels ; their prayers were more earnest than ever before , their praise more glad ; there was something heavenly in Rome .
saith the LORD ; and like a hammer that breaketh the rock in pieces ?
But I shall want the ribbon directly -- so it had better go to Hartfield -- at least the ribbon .
22 : 5 But take diligent heed to do the commandment and the law , which Moses the servant of the LORD charged you , to love the LORD your God , and to walk in all his ways , and to keep his commandments , and to cleave unto him , and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul .
47 : 2 Then brought he me out of the way of the gate northward , and led me about the way without unto the utter gate by the way that looketh eastward ; and , behold , there ran out waters on the right side .
" I am not speaking of its prudence ; merely its probability ."
4 : 22 And Solomon ' s provision for one day was thirty measures of fine flour , and threescore measures of meal , 4 : 23 Ten fat oxen , and twenty oxen out of the pastures , and an hundred sheep , beside harts , and roebucks , and fallowdeer , and fatted fowl .
" I think , Harriet , since your acquaintance with us , you have been repeatedly in the company of some such very real gentlemen , that you must yourself be struck with the difference in Mr .
Lost in desert wild Is your little child .
55 : 9 For as the heavens are higher than the earth , so are my ways higher than your ways , and my thoughts than your thoughts .
6 : 14 Therefore sent he thither horses , and chariots , and a great host : and they came by night , and compassed the city about .
3 : 5 For this they willingly are ignorant of , that by the word of God the heavens were of old , and the earth standing out of the water and in the water : 3 : 6 Whereby the world that then was , being overflowed with water , perished : 3 : 7 But the heavens and the earth , which are now , by the same word are kept in store , reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men .
13 : 15 Every one that is found shall be thrust through ; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword .
24 : 19 And David , according to the saying of Gad , went up as the LORD commanded .
The confession completely renewed her first shame -- and the sight of Harriet ' s tears made her think that she should never be in charity with herself again .
20 : 4 Grant thee according to thine own heart , and fulfil all thy counsel .
Such a conclusion could not pass unanswered by Mrs .
Woodhouse made us promise to have them done three times -- but Miss Woodhouse will be so good as not to mention it .
Why was this glory for him ?
126 : 1 When the LORD turned again the captivity of Zion , we were like them that dream .
8 : 3 And he read therein before the street that was before the water gate from the morning until midday , before the men and the women , and those that could understand ; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of the law .
17 : 9 And God said unto Abraham , Thou shalt keep my covenant therefore , thou , and thy seed after thee in their generations .
But for this strange kind of secrecy maintained by them relative to their engagement , which in fact concealed nothing at all , she could not account ; and it was so wholly contradictory to their general opinions and practice , that a doubt sometimes entered her mind of their being really engaged , and this doubt was enough to prevent her making any inquiry of Marianne .
23 : 29 I will not drive them out from before thee in one year ; lest the land become desolate , and the beast of the field multiply against thee .
5 : 2 Behold , I Paul say unto you , that if ye be circumcised , Christ shall profit you nothing .
Indeed , Father Lion ," he said , " we meant to come before ; we knew we ought to come before ; and we wanted to come before ; but every time we started to come , a dreadful great lion came out of the woods and roared at us , and frightened us so that we ran away ."
119 : 62 At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments .
1 : 7 Only be thou strong and very courageous , that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law , which Moses my servant commanded thee : turn not from it to the right hand or to the left , that thou mayest prosper withersoever thou goest .
When he came to Miss Woodhouse , he was obliged to read the whole of it aloud -- all that related to her , with a smile ; a look ; a shake of the head ; a word or two of assent , or disapprobation ; or merely of love , as the subject required ; concluding , however , seriously , and , after steady reflection , thus -- " Very bad -- though it might have been worse .-- Playing a most dangerous game .
11 : 23 So now the LORD God of Israel hath dispossessed the Amorites from before his people Israel , and shouldest thou possess it ?
12 : 27 He is not the God of the dead , but the God of the living : ye therefore do greatly err .
She had called on her former governess , and had heard from her of there being an old school - fellow in Bath , who had the two strong claims on her attention of past kindness and present suffering .
And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him .
When King Saul heard these words , he was dismayed , and all the men of Israel , when they saw the man , fled from him and were sore afraid .
9 : 38 And John answered him , saying , Master , we saw one casting out devils in thy name , and he followeth not us : and we forbad him , because he followeth not us .
that the LORD hath called these three kings together , to deliver them into the hand of Moab !
47 : 31 And he said , Swear unto me .
And he arose , and followed him .
9 : 2 And , behold , six men came from the way of the higher gate , which lieth toward the north , and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand ; and one man among them was clothed with linen , with a writer ' s inkhorn by his side : and they went in , and stood beside the brasen altar .
Here was a fortune at once ; besides which , there would be the chance of what might be done in any future war ; and he was sure Captain Wentworth was as likely a man to distinguish himself as any officer in the navy .
8 : 33 And it came to pass , as soon as Gideon was dead , that the children of Israel turned again , and went a whoring after Baalim , and made Baalberith their god .
An injunction of secresy had been among Mr .
8 : 2 And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women , and all that could hear with understanding , upon the first day of the seventh month .
10 : 23 O LORD , I know that the way of man is not in himself : it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps .
31 : 16 If I have withheld the poor from their desire , or have caused the eyes of the widow to fail ; 31 : 17 Or have eaten my morsel myself alone , and the fatherless hath not eaten thereof ; 31 : 18 ( For from my youth he was brought up with me , as with a father , and I have guided her from my mother ' s womb ;) 31 : 19 If I have seen any perish for want of clothing , or any poor without covering ; 31 : 20 If his loins have not blessed me , and if he were not warmed with the fleece of my sheep ; 31 : 21 If I have lifted up my hand against the fatherless , when I saw my help in the gate : 31 : 22 Then let mine arm fall from my shoulder blade , and mine arm be broken from the bone .
Palmer ?"
For they had made a great oath concerning him that came not up to the LORD to Mizpeh , saying , He shall surely be put to death .
15 : 1 And the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Oded : 15 : 2 And he went out to meet Asa , and said unto him , Hear ye me , Asa , and all Judah and Benjamin ; The LORD is with you , while ye be with him ; and if ye seek him , he will be found of you ; but if ye forsake him , he will forsake you .
18 : 29 For whosoever shall commit any of these abominations , even the souls that commit them shall be cut off from among their people .
3 : 11 He hath turned aside my ways , and pulled me in pieces : he hath made me desolate .
27 : 26 Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island .
You would hardly think , would you , that a poor woman who worked in a laundry could be much of a friend to them ?
Just then , the little Gingerbread Boy came to a river .
You always speak to me , if everything is all right , when I come home .
1 : 12 For the which cause I also suffer these things : nevertheless I am not ashamed : for I know whom I have believed , and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day .
At last he took the ring off and put it out of sight .
His quick eye she detected again and again glancing towards them with a happy expression ; and even , when he might have determined not to look , she was confident that he was often listening .
29 : 16 And Laban had two daughters : the name of the elder was Leah , and the name of the younger was Rachel .
107 : 27 They reel to and fro , and stagger like a drunken man , and are at their wit ' s end .
I should be puzzled to spend so large a fortune myself ," said Mrs .
Dashwood could neither pretend to be unconscious , nor endeavor to be calm .
Whether they were for white children or black , for Jews , Catholics , or Protestants , made no difference ; for Margaret always said , " They are all orphans alike ."
" Well , I am so sorry !-- Oh !
1 : 6 Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the LORD , and Satan came also among them .
He did not speak , he did not behave like himself .
Harriet was to be there in the evening , and the Bateses .
This ring ," she said , " will help you to be good ; when you do evil , it will prick you , to remind you .
She examined them very closely , so that she might know a radish next time .
48 : 42 And Moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he hath magnified himself against the LORD .
art thou come to destroy us ?
Here ceased the concert part of the evening , for Miss Woodhouse and Miss Fairfax were the only young lady performers ; but soon ( within five minutes ) the proposal of dancing -- originating nobody exactly knew where -- was so effectually promoted by Mr .
34 : 6 And he buried him in a valley in the land of Moab , over against Bethpeor : but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day .
26 : 11 LORD , when thy hand is lifted up , they will not see : but they shall see , and be ashamed for their envy at the people ; yea , the fire of thine enemies shall devour them .
But though confidence between them was , by this public discovery , restored to its proper state , it was not a subject on which either of them were fond of dwelling when alone .
But his spirits were soon rising again , and with laughing eyes , after mentioning the expected return of the Campbells , he named the name of Dixon .-- Emma blushed , and forbade its being pronounced in her hearing . "
2 : 28 And the sons of Onam were , Shammai , and Jada .
Knightley , as I told you before .
6 : 16 These six things doth the LORD hate : yea , seven are an abomination unto him : 6 : 17 A proud look , a lying tongue , and hands that shed innocent blood , 6 : 18 An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations , feet that be swift in running to mischief , 6 : 19 A false witness that speaketh lies , and he that soweth discord among brethren .
36 : 20 And they went in to the king into the court , but they laid up the roll in the chamber of Elishama the scribe , and told all the words in the ears of the king .
Weston did think of it , she was very strongly persuaded ; and though not meaning to be induced by him , or by any body else , to give up a situation which she believed more replete with good than any she could change it for , she had a great curiosity to see him , a decided intention of finding him pleasant , of being liked by him to a certain degree , and a sort of pleasure in the idea of their being coupled in their friends ' imaginations .
11 : 9 Then said I , I will not feed you : that that dieth , let it die ; and that that is to be cut off , let it be cut off ; and let the rest eat every one the flesh of another .
2 : 3 And all went to be taxed , every one into his own city .
I would be understood to mean , that it can be only weak , irresolute characters , ( whose happiness must be always at the mercy of chance ,) who will suffer an unfortunate acquaintance to be an inconvenience , an oppression for ever ."
In marrying a man indifferent to me , all risk would have been incurred , and all duty violated ."
2 : 20 Then Abner looked behind him , and said , Art thou Asahel ?
She would see if it rained .
Selah .
2 : 9 And , lo , the angel of the Lord came upon them , and the glory of the Lord shone round about them : and they were sore afraid .
Do you like London ?"
Nothing should prevail on him to give up his engagement .
Davies to be perfectly happy .
22 : 15 My strength is dried up like a potsherd ; and my tongue cleaveth to my jaws ; and thou hast brought me into the dust of death .
6 : 40 The disciple is not above his master : but every one that is perfect shall be as his master .
16 : 7 And the angel of the LORD found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness , by the fountain in the way to Shur .
Margaret agreed , and they pursued their way against the wind , resisting it with laughing delight for about twenty minutes longer , when suddenly the clouds united over their heads , and a driving rain set full in their face .-- Chagrined and surprised , they were obliged , though unwillingly , to turn back , for no shelter was nearer than their own house .
" We have been engaged these four years ."
6 : 62 What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before ?
However , I am much happier as I am .
And he was speechless .
4 : 26 And whereas they commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots ; thy kingdom shall be sure unto thee , after that thou shalt have known that the heavens do rule .
3 : 5 And when he had looked round about on them with anger , being grieved for the hardness of their hearts , he saith unto the man , Stretch forth thine hand .
Sweet smiles , in the night Hover over my delight !
10 : 4 Then the glory of the LORD went up from the cherub , and stood over the threshold of the house ; and the house was filled with the cloud , and the court was full of the brightness of the LORD ' s glory .
69 : 12 They that sit in the gate speak against me ; and I was the song of the drunkards .
They had been once more in the same room .
When she could give another glance , he had moved away .
36 : 23 And the children of Shobal were these ; Alvan , and Manahath , and Ebal , Shepho , and Onam .
8 : 1 Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum : We have such an high priest , who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens ; 8 : 2 A minister of the sanctuary , and of the true tabernacle , which the Lord pitched , and not man .
38 : 17 Behold , for peace I had great bitterness : but thou hast in love to my soul delivered it from the pit of corruption : for thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back .
Palmer ' s , I found Charlotte quite in a fuss about the child .
" Oh !
33 : 5 And he was king in Jeshurun , when the heads of the people and the tribes of Israel were gathered together .
5 : 28 And the LORD heard the voice of your words , when ye spake unto me ; and the LORD said unto me , I have heard the voice of the words of this people , which they have spoken unto thee : they have well said all that they have spoken .
8 : 36 And as they went on their way , they came unto a certain water : and the eunuch said , See , here is water ; what doth hinder me to be baptized ?
The quiet , heart - felt satisfaction of the old lady , and the rapturous delight of her daughter -- who proved even too joyous to talk as usual , had been a gratifying , yet almost an affecting , scene .
He knows where a surgeon is to be found ."
11 : 6 And blessed is he , whosoever shall not be offended in me .
Jennings ' s house ; but it was not a thing to be urged against the wishes of everybody .
65 : 9 Thou visitest the earth , and waterest it : thou greatly enrichest it with the river of God , which is full of water : thou preparest them corn , when thou hast so provided for it .
2 : 32 And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai ; Jether , and Jonathan : and Jether died without children .
4 : 16 And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD , and dwelt in the land of Nod , on the east of Eden .
17 : 27 But if ye will not hearken unto me to hallow the sabbath day , and not to bear a burden , even entering in at the gates of Jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will I kindle a fire in the gates thereof , and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
And one day when Anne was walking with only the Musgroves , one of them after talking of rank , people of rank , and jealousy of rank , said , " I have no scruple of observing to you , how nonsensical some persons are about their place , because all the world knows how easy and indifferent you are about it ; but I wish anybody could give Mary a hint that it would be a great deal better if she were not so very tenacious , especially if she would not be always putting herself forward to take place of mamma .
8 : 37 If there be in the land famine , if there be pestilence , blasting , mildew , locust , or if there be caterpiller ; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities ; whatsoever plague , whatsoever sickness there be ; 8 : 38 What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man , or by all thy people Israel , which shall know every man the plague of his own heart , and spread forth his hands toward this house : 8 : 39 Then hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place , and forgive , and do , and give to every man according to his ways , whose heart thou knowest ; ( for thou , even thou only , knowest the hearts of all the children of men ;) 8 : 40 That they may fear thee all the days that they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers .
I hope time has not made you less willing to pardon .
Look , she made me this bow to my hat , and put in the feather last night .
said Charles Musgrove , and " No , no !"
10 : 9 Provide neither gold , nor silver , nor brass in your purses , 10 : 10 Nor scrip for your journey , neither two coats , neither shoes , nor yet staves : for the workman is worthy of his meat .
4 : 23 These were the potters , and those that dwelt among plants and hedges : there they dwelt with the king for his work .
On Edward ' s side , more particularly , there was a deficiency of all that a lover ought to look and say on such an occasion .
And _she_ appears so truly good -- there is something so motherly and kind - hearted about her , that it wins upon one directly .
2 : 26 Jerahmeel had also another wife , whose name was Atarah ; she was the mother of Onam .
18 : 10 Take heed that ye despise not one of these little ones ; for I say unto you , That in heaven their angels do always behold the face of my Father which is in heaven .
28 : 35 The LORD shall smite thee in the knees , and in the legs , with a sore botch that cannot be healed , from the sole of thy foot unto the top of thy head .
20 : 10 But when the first came , they supposed that they should have received more ; and they likewise received every man a penny .
Have you heard the news ?
And they said , There was no harlot in this place .
I do not mean to talk to you of what my feelings have been for him , but what they are NOW .-- At present , if I could be satisfied on one point , if I could be allowed to think that he was not ALWAYS acting a part , not ALWAYS deceiving me ;-- but above all , if I could be assured that he never was so VERY wicked as my fears have sometimes fancied him , since the story of that unfortunate girl "-- She stopt .
Knightley marry !-- No , I have never had such an idea , and I cannot adopt it now .
24 : 47 And I asked her , and said , Whose daughter art thou ?
42 : 9 Behold , the former things are come to pass , and new things do I declare : before they spring forth I tell you of them .
I could not excuse a man ' s having more music than love -- more ear than eye -- a more acute sensibility to fine sounds than to my feelings .
" They mean no less to be civil and kind to us now ," said Elinor , " by these frequent invitations , than by those which we received from them a few weeks ago .
11 : 4 But Peter rehearsed the matter from the beginning , and expounded it by order unto them , saying , 11 : 5 I was in the city of Joppa praying : and in a trance I saw a vision , A certain vessel descend , as it had been a great sheet , let down from heaven by four corners ; and it came even to me : 11 : 6 Upon the which when I had fastened mine eyes , I considered , and saw fourfooted beasts of the earth , and wild beasts , and creeping things , and fowls of the air .
and commit ye whoredom after their abominations ?
21 : 4 But when the morning was now come , Jesus stood on the shore : but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus .
Chapter 14 Though Charles and Mary had remained at Lyme much longer after Mr and Mrs Musgrove ' s going than Anne conceived they could have been at all wanted , they were yet the first of the family to be at home again ; and as soon as possible after their return to Uppercross they drove over to the Lodge .
24 : 10 Behold , this day thine eyes have seen how that the LORD had delivered thee to day into mine hand in the cave : and some bade me kill thee : but mine eye spared thee ; and I said , I will not put forth mine hand against my lord ; for he is the LORD ' s anointed .
" Perhaps ," said Elinor , smiling , " we may come to the same point .
He kept wondering , while they took him in through some big doors , and set him up in another tub , on the table , in a bare little room .
Then might she again take up the book of books with as much enjoyment as in her early youth , but now she liked it not .
22 : 13 And Abraham lifted up his eyes , and looked , and behold behind him a ram caught in a thicket by his horns : and Abraham went and took the ram , and offered him up for a burnt offering in the stead of his son .
14 : 4 Now these are the names of his children which he had in Jerusalem ; Shammua , and Shobab , Nathan , and Solomon , 14 : 5 And Ibhar , and Elishua , and Elpalet , 14 : 6 And Nogah , and Nepheg , and Japhia , 14 : 7 And Elishama , and Beeliada , and Eliphalet .
16 : 35 And there came out a fire from the LORD , and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense .
2 : 32 And they took up Asahel , and buried him in the sepulchre of his father , which was in Bethlehem .
He is in Highbury every now and then , and he is sure to ride through every week in his way to Kingston .
He had not much intercourse with any families beyond that circle ; his horror of late hours , and large dinner - parties , made him unfit for any acquaintance but such as would visit him on his own terms .
Emma felt they were friends again ; and the conviction giving her at first great satisfaction , and then a little sauciness , she could not help saying , as he was admiring the baby , " What a comfort it is , that we think alike about our nephews and nieces .
Cole does not know how to shew her kindness enough ; and I must say that Jane deserves it as much as any body can .
31 : 39 And the measuring line shall yet go forth over against it upon the hill Gareb , and shall compass about to Goath .
And there was war between Abijam and Jeroboam .
2 : 7 So went Satan forth from the presence of the LORD , and smote Job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown .
3 : 7 Then said he to the multitude that came forth to be baptized of him , O generation of vipers , who hath warned you to flee from the wrath to come ?
48 : 4 Moab is destroyed ; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard .
Miss Carteret was very anxious to have a general idea of what was next to be sung .
7 : 39 Now when the Pharisee which had bidden him saw it , he spake within himself , saying , This man , if he were a prophet , would have known who and what manner of woman this is that toucheth him : for she is a sinner .
10 : 16 The portion of Jacob is not like them : for he is the former of all things ; and Israel is the rod of his inheritance : The LORD of hosts is his name .
` I am sure you must be ,' said he , ` and I will send you another supply ; for I have a great many more than I can ever use .
34 : 15 And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe , I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD .
25 : 26 A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain , and a corrupt spring .
4 : 7 But the end of all things is at hand : be ye therefore sober , and watch unto prayer .
We cannot help ourselves .
21 : 11 And they gave them the city of Arba the father of Anak , which city is Hebron , in the hill country of Judah , with the suburbs thereof round about it .
It seemed like the forerunner of something absolutely serious , which she did not wish .
19 : 23 This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Issachar according to their families , the cities and their villages .
Weston ' s heart and time would be occupied by it .
" You know her disposition , and may believe how eagerly she would still justify him if she could ."
2 : 21 But he spake of the temple of his body .
119 : 116 Uphold me according unto thy word , that I may live : and let me not be ashamed of my hope .
14 : 24 The crown of the wise is their riches : but the foolishness of fools is folly .
27 : 10 The seventh captain for the seventh month was Helez the Pelonite , of the children of Ephraim : and in his course were twenty and four thousand .
85 : 3 Thou hast taken away all thy wrath : thou hast turned thyself from the fierceness of thine anger .
said the lazy , man , and he laughed ; " of course , if we had a horse there would be some chance , but _walk_ all that way ?
" It is very pretty ," said Mr .
113 : 2 Blessed be the name of the LORD from this time forth and for evermore .
8 : 16 And the LORD said unto Moses , Say unto Aaron , Stretch out thy rod , and smite the dust of the land , that it may become lice throughout all the land of Egypt .
And there was silence between them for a little while .
9 : 1 I will praise thee , O LORD , with my whole heart ; I will shew forth all thy marvellous works .
6 : 13 And Gideon said unto him , Oh my Lord , if the LORD be with us , why then is all this befallen us ?
145 : 15 The eyes of all wait upon thee ; and thou givest them their meat in due season .
.
Quick and decided in her ways , Emma lost no time in inviting , encouraging , and telling her to come very often ; and as their acquaintance increased , so did their satisfaction in each other .
said Lucy , as they walked up the stairs together -- for the Middletons arrived so directly after Mrs .
Musgrove , either you or I must go ."
23 : 19 Then the chief captain took him by the hand , and went with him aside privately , and asked him , What is that thou hast to tell me ?
But that it was so , had not only been declared by Lucy ' s eyes at the time , but was declared over again the next morning more openly , for at her particular desire , Lady Middleton set her down in Berkeley Street on the chance of seeing Elinor alone , to tell her how happy she was .
69 : 19 Thou hast known my reproach , and my shame , and my dishonour : mine adversaries are all before thee .
1 : 38 And the sons of Seir ; Lotan , and Shobal , and Zibeon , and Anah , and Dishon , and Ezar , and Dishan .
" You , sir , may say any thing ," cried Mr .
I really wish you to call with me .
Harriet would be anxiety enough ; she need no longer be unhappy about Jane , whose troubles and whose ill - health having , of course , the same origin , must be equally under cure .-- Her days of insignificance and evil were over .-- She would soon be well , and happy , and prosperous .-- Emma could now imagine why her own attentions had been slighted .
12 : 2 And now , behold , the king walketh before you : and I am old and grayheaded ; and , behold , my sons are with you : and I have walked before you from my childhood unto this day .
saith the LORD .
22 : 20 But if this thing be true , and the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel : 22 : 21 Then they shall bring out the damsel to the door of her father ' s house , and the men of her city shall stone her with stones that she die : because she hath wrought folly in Israel , to play the whore in her father ' s house : so shalt thou put evil away from among you .
8 : 23 And he took the blind man by the hand , and led him out of the town ; and when he had spit on his eyes , and put his hands upon him , he asked him if he saw ought .
7 : 10 And the princes offered for dedicating of the altar in the day that it was anointed , even the princes offered their offering before the altar .
Mary need not have feared her sister ' s being in any degree prepared for the news .
So it pleased the king to send me ; and I set him a time .
But , alas !
32 : 21 The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him : they are gone down , they lie uncircumcised , slain by the sword .
Palmer appeared quite well , and I am commissioned to tell you , that you will certainly see her to - morrow ."
The past , the present , the future , Willoughby ' s visit , Marianne ' s safety , and her mother ' s expected arrival , threw her altogether into an agitation of spirits which kept off every indication of fatigue , and made her only fearful of betraying herself to her sister .
3 : 27 And the princes , governors , and captains , and the king ' s counsellors , being gathered together , saw these men , upon whose bodies the fire had no power , nor was an hair of their head singed , neither were their coats changed , nor the smell of fire had passed on them .
The other two went home then and left all of the court that was remaining without throwing it down , since their companion was dead .
But , if they rush dreadful , The angels , most heedful , Receive each mild spirit , New worlds to inherit .
Herself the widow of only a knight , she gave the dignity of a baronet all its due ; and Sir Walter , independent of his claims as an old acquaintance , an attentive neighbour , an obliging landlord , the husband of her very dear friend , the father of Anne and her sisters , was , as being Sir Walter , in her apprehension , entitled to a great deal of compassion and consideration under his present difficulties .
22 : 34 And he said , I tell thee , Peter , the cock shall not crow this day , before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me .
12 : 1 Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , and Jeshua : Seraiah , Jeremiah , Ezra , 12 : 2 Amariah , Malluch , Hattush , 12 : 3 Shechaniah , Rehum , Meremoth , 12 : 4 Iddo , Ginnetho , Abijah , 12 : 5 Miamin , Maadiah , Bilgah , 12 : 6 Shemaiah , and Joiarib , Jedaiah , 12 : 7 Sallu , Amok , Hilkiah , Jedaiah .
Weston that he had been proposing to Mrs .
21 : 20 His eyes shall see his destruction , and he shall drink of the wrath of the Almighty .
The Lilly of the valley breathing in the humble grass Answerd the lovely maid and said : I am a watry weed , And I am very small and love to dwell in lowly vales : So weak the gilded butterfly scarce perches on my head Yet I am visited from heaven and he that smiles on all Walks in the valley , and each morn over me spreads his hand Saying , rejoice thou humble grass , thou new - born lily flower .
24 : 19 And if a man cause a blemish in his neighbour ; as he hath done , so shall it be done to him ; 24 : 20 Breach for breach , eye for eye , tooth for tooth : as he hath caused a blemish in a man , so shall it be done to him again .
9 : 18 Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will have mercy , and whom he will he hardeneth .
The intelligence , which had been so anxiously announced to her , she was now to be anxiously announcing to another .
9 : 22 And almost all things are by the law purged with blood ; and without shedding of blood is no remission .
46 : 5 Wherefore have I seen them dismayed and turned away back ?
On Friday morning she meant to go very early to Lady Russell , and accomplish the necessary communication ; and she would have gone directly after breakfast , but that Mrs Clay was also going out on some obliging purpose of saving her sister trouble , which determined her to wait till she might be safe from such a companion .
148 : 14 He also exalteth the horn of his people , the praise of all his saints ; even of the children of Israel , a people near unto him .
and Knightley have every thing their own way ."
26 : 10 David said furthermore , As the LORD liveth , the LORD shall smite him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall descend into battle , and perish .
It was a dislike so little just -- every imputed fault was so magnified by fancy , that she never saw Jane Fairfax the first time after any considerable absence , without feeling that she had injured her ; and now , when the due visit was paid , on her arrival , after a two years ' interval , she was particularly struck with the very appearance and manners , which for those two whole years she had been depreciating .
56 : 9 All ye beasts of the field , come to devour , yea , all ye beasts in the forest .
He did not believe there was a bolder rider in England !
25 : 39 Or when saw we thee sick , or in prison , and came unto thee ?
I dare not let my mother know how little she eats -- so I say one thing and then I say another , and it passes off .
6 : 4 For he cometh in with vanity , and departeth in darkness , and his name shall be covered with darkness .
30 : 29 There be three things which go well , yea , four are comely in going : 30 : 30 A lion which is strongest among beasts , and turneth not away for any ; 30 : 31 A greyhound ; an he goat also ; and a king , against whom there is no rising up .
1 : 40 One of the two which heard John speak , and followed him , was Andrew , Simon Peter ' s brother .
44 : 12 Because they ministered unto them before their idols , and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity ; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them , saith the Lord GOD , and they shall bear their iniquity .
I shall see you at the Abbey to - morrow morning I hope , and then we will look them over , and you shall give me your opinion ."
1 : 6 And again , when he bringeth in the firstbegotten into the world , he saith , And let all the angels of God worship him .
The peace turned him on shore at the very moment , and he has been living with us , in our little family circle , ever since ."
He had left them completely frightened ; and Harriet eagerly clinging to him , and hardly able to speak , had just strength enough to reach Hartfield , before her spirits were quite overcome .
9 : 15 The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made : in the net which they hid is their own foot taken .
4 : 33 Therefore said the disciples one to another , Hath any man brought him ought to eat ?
4 : 13 And he answered me and said , Knowest thou not what these be ?
The effect of his discourse on the lady too , could not escape her observation , for though she was too honorable to listen , and had even changed her seat , on purpose that she might NOT hear , to one close by the piano forte on which Marianne was playing , she could not keep herself from seeing that Elinor changed colour , attended with agitation , and was too intent on what he said to pursue her employment .-- Still farther in confirmation of her hopes , in the interval of Marianne ' s turning from one lesson to another , some words of the Colonel ' s inevitably reached her ear , in which he seemed to be apologising for the badness of his house .
THE LITTLE BLACK BOY My mother bore me in the southern wild , And I am black , but oh my soul is white !
You may imagine how desirable !
8 : 18 Then said he unto Zebah and Zalmunna , What manner of men were they whom ye slew at Tabor ?
22 : 27 All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD : and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee .
"` Smallridge !'
25 : 44 Both thy bondmen , and thy bondmaids , which thou shalt have , shall be of the heathen that are round about you ; of them shall ye buy bondmen and bondmaids .
10 : 7 Do ye look on things after the outward appearance ?
what a taking poor Mr .
17 : 17 Then Abraham fell upon his face , and laughed , and said in his heart , Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old ?
How could you behave so unfairly by your sister ?"
You shall be the servant of the servants , and your companion shall , be the jester ' s ape ."
32 : 20 And for this cause Hezekiah the king , and the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz , prayed and cried to heaven .
He did not know what was come to his master lately , he said , but he could hardly ever get the speech of him .
13 : 5 The altar also was rent , and the ashes poured out from the altar , according to the sign which the man of God had given by the word of the LORD .
18 : 23 If thou shalt do this thing , and God command thee so , then thou shalt be able to endure , and all this people shall also go to their place in peace .
7 : 19 And the chapiters that were upon the top of the pillars were of lily work in the porch , four cubits .
29 : 2 Now I have prepared with all my might for the house of my God the gold for things to be made of gold , and the silver for things of silver , and the brass for things of brass , the iron for things of iron , and wood for things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , glistering stones , and of divers colours , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
35 : 7 For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit , which without cause they have digged for my soul .
10 : 11 And he saith unto them , Whosoever shall put away his wife , and marry another , committeth adultery against her .
They did as they were desired ; and by the time she judged it reasonable to have done with her boot , she had the comfort of farther delay in her power , being overtaken by a child from the cottage , setting out , according to orders , with her pitcher , to fetch broth from Hartfield .
66 : 1 Thus saith the LORD , The heaven is my throne , and the earth is my footstool : where is the house that ye build unto me ?
Fortunately for those who pay their court through such foibles , a fond mother , though , in pursuit of praise for her children , the most rapacious of human beings , is likewise the most credulous ; her demands are exorbitant ; but she will swallow any thing ; and the excessive affection and endurance of the Miss Steeles towards her offspring were viewed therefore by Lady Middleton without the smallest surprise or distrust .
I am as confident of seeing Frank here before the middle of January , as I am of being here myself : but your good friend there ( nodding towards the upper end of the table ) has so few vagaries herself , and has been so little used to them at Hartfield , that she cannot calculate on their effects , as I have been long in the practice of doing ."
18 : 7 But the Levites have no part among you ; for the priesthood of the LORD is their inheritance : and Gad , and Reuben , and half the tribe of Manasseh , have received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east , which Moses the servant of the LORD gave them .
41 : 49 And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea , very much , until he left numbering ; for it was without number .
2 : 26 And he that overcometh , and keepeth my works unto the end , to him will I give power over the nations : 2 : 27 And he shall rule them with a rod of iron ; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers : even as I received of my Father .
Where are you going ?"
And there came down fire from heaven , and consumed him and his fifty .
Mr .
Her mother , sisters , Fanny , all had been conscious of his regard for her at Norland ; it was not an illusion of her own vanity .
8 : 1 And Saul was consenting unto his death .
They arrived in due time at the place of destination , and as soon as the string of carriages before them would allow , alighted , ascended the stairs , heard their names announced from one landing - place to another in an audible voice , and entered a room splendidly lit up , quite full of company , and insufferably hot .
18 : 12 Before destruction the heart of man is haughty , and before honour is humility .
119 : 78 Let the proud be ashamed ; for they dealt perversely with me without a cause : but I will meditate in thy precepts .
Marianne coloured as she replied , " But most people do ."
30 : 9 When Leah saw that she had left bearing , she took Zilpah her maid , and gave her Jacob to wife .
He was not asleep , but was watching very earnestly a blackberry - bush , that waved its one tall , dark - red spray in the wind outside the fence . "
28 : 8 The LORD shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses , and in all that thou settest thine hand unto ; and he shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee .
I come not against thee this day , but against the house wherewith I have war : for God commanded me to make haste : forbear thee from meddling with God , who is with me , that he destroy thee not .
59 : 16 And he saw that there was no man , and wondered that there was no intercessor : therefore his arm brought salvation unto him ; and his righteousness , it sustained him .
Of John I know very little , though we have lived together for years ; but of Willoughby my judgment has long been formed ."
33 : 17 Nevertheless the people did sacrifice still in the high places , yet unto the LORD their God only .
11 : 30 The baptism of John , was it from heaven , or of men ?
As the king ' s daughter came near to the water , she saw the strange little basket lying in the flags , and she sent her maid to bring it to her .
5 : 28 And if the woman be not defiled , but be clean ; then she shall be free , and shall conceive seed .
4 : 1 Then went Boaz up to the gate , and sat him down there : and , behold , the kinsman of whom Boaz spake came by ; unto whom he said , Ho , such a one !
" How much his business engrosses him already is very plain from the circumstance of his forgetting to inquire for the book you recommended .
" No !"
4 : 13 We having the same spirit of faith , according as it is written , I believed , and therefore have I spoken ; we also believe , and therefore speak ; 4 : 14 Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus , and shall present us with you .
The evening passed off in the equal indulgence of feeling .
11 : 5 By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death ; and was not found , because God had translated him : for before his translation he had this testimony , that he pleased God .
22 : 15 And Balak sent yet again princes , more , and more honourable than they .
20 : 2 And it shall be , when ye are come nigh unto the battle , that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people , 20 : 3 And shall say unto them , Hear , O Israel , ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies : let not your hearts faint , fear not , and do not tremble , neither be ye terrified because of them ; 20 : 4 For the LORD your God is he that goeth with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
Some very fine morning , he , and Emma , and Harriet , could go very well ; and he could sit still with Mrs .
In a few months , my dear Marianne ."
8 : 28 These were heads of the fathers , by their generations , chief men .
the people of Chemosh perisheth : for thy sons are taken captives , and thy daughters captives .
4 : 18 And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work , and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom : to whom be glory for ever and ever .
It was all quite natural , however .
Emma wondered whether the same suspicion of what might be expected from their knowing each other , which had taken strong possession of her mind , had ever crossed his ; and whether his compliments were to be considered as marks of acquiescence , or proofs of defiance .
What I endured in so beholding her -- but I have no right to wound your feelings by attempting to describe it -- I have pained you too much already .
But I was really quite shocked the other day -- for Mr .
12 : 24 Consider the ravens : for they neither sow nor reap ; which neither have storehouse nor barn ; and God feedeth them : how much more are ye better than the fowls ?
Weston might be his son ' s superior .-- In spite of this little rub , however , Emma was smiling with enjoyment , delighted to see the respectable length of the set as it was forming , and to feel that she had so many hours of unusual festivity before her .-- She was more disturbed by Mr .
Charles was to return to Lyme the same afternoon , and his father had at first half a mind to go with him , but the ladies could not consent .
15 : 8 Either what woman having ten pieces of silver , if she lose one piece , doth not light a candle , and sweep the house , and seek diligently till she find it ?
Certainly , delicate ladies have very extraordinary constitutions , Mrs .
I considered the past : I saw in my own behaviour , since the beginning of our acquaintance with him last autumn , nothing but a series of imprudence towards myself , and want of kindness to others .
" I leave an excellent substitute in my daughter .
" I am extremely glad to hear it , upon my word ; extremely glad indeed .
2 : 9 Then said his wife unto him , Dost thou still retain thine integrity ?
100 : 2 Serve the LORD with gladness : come before his presence with singing .
Colonel Brandon is certainly younger than Mrs .
My Elinor , is it possible to doubt their engagement ?
8 : 4 And Gideon came to Jordan , and passed over , he , and the three hundred men that were with him , faint , yet pursuing them .
And he said , Of a child .
60 : 9 Who will bring me into the strong city ?
And that you should have been so mistaken , is amazing !-- I am sure , but for believing that you entirely approved and meant to encourage me in my attachment , I should have considered it at first too great a presumption almost , to dare to think of him .
1 : 10 And Cush begat Nimrod : he began to be mighty upon the earth .
24 : 2 But Nadab and Abihu died before their father , and had no children : therefore Eleazar and Ithamar executed the priest ' s office .
90 : 16 Let thy work appear unto thy servants , and thy glory unto their children .
Pray be so good as to mention to the other gentlemen that we hope to see your whole party this evening .
Nobody cares for a letter ; the thing is , to be always happy with pleasant companions .
15 : 5 And the LORD smote the king , so that he was a leper unto the day of his death , and dwelt in a several house .
the Lion will surely catch us this time !"
The Eltons walked together ; Mr .
3 : 13 Then cometh Jesus from Galilee to Jordan unto John , to be baptized of him .
32 : 18 For I am full of matter , the spirit within me constraineth me .
choose you a man for you , and let him come down to me .
I shall now live solely for my family .
You have always a profession , pursuits , business of some sort or other , to take you back into the world immediately , and continual occupation and change soon weaken impressions ."
therefore the children of men put their trust under the shadow of thy wings .
16 : 11 And he said unto her , If they bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied , then shall I be weak , and be as another man .
38 : 13 And it was told Tamar , saying , Behold thy father in law goeth up to Timnath to shear his sheep .
1 : 20 But while he thought on these things , behold , the angel of the LORD appeared unto him in a dream , saying , Joseph , thou son of David , fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife : for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost .
50 : 9 And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen : and it was a very great company .
5 : 7 And it came to pass , when the king of Israel had read the letter , that he rent his clothes , and said , Am I God , to kill and to make alive , that this man doth send unto me to recover a man of his leprosy ?
13 : 9 Be not carried about with divers and strange doctrines .
2 : 21 And Moses was content to dwell with the man : and he gave Moses Zipporah his daughter .
7 : 14 I will be his father , and he shall be my son .
23 : 19 Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin offering , and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace offerings .
13 : 4 This day came ye out in the month Abib .
Emma amused herself by protesting that it was very extraordinary , indeed , and that she had not a syllable to say for him . "
36 : 18 Beware lest Hezekiah persuade you , saying , the LORD will deliver us .
That he should be married soon , before ( as she imagined ) he could be in orders , and consequently before he could be in possession of the living , surprised her a little at first .
33 : 30 And they departed from Hashmonah , and encamped at Moseroth .
" And do you really believe the affair to have been carrying on with such perfect secresy ?-- The Campbells , the Dixons , did none of them know of the engagement ?"
Oh !
When the painted birds laugh in the shade , Where our table with cherries and nuts is spread : Come live , and be merry , and join with me , To sing the sweet chorus of " Ha , ha , he !"
20 : 18 And of thy sons that shall issue from thee , which thou shalt beget , shall they take away ; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon .
16 : 6 Though I speak , my grief is not asswaged : and though I forbear , what am I eased ?
54 : 8 In a little wrath I hid my face from thee for a moment ; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee , saith the LORD thy Redeemer .
Woodhouse , I wish you had heard his gallant speeches to me at dinner .
14 : 15 But if thy brother be grieved with thy meat , now walkest thou not charitably .
4 : 12 And if one prevail against him , two shall withstand him ; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken .
-- And in a louder , steadier tone , he concluded with , " He will soon be gone .
5 : 6 And Pharaoh commanded the same day the taskmasters of the people , and their officers , saying , 5 : 7 Ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick , as heretofore : let them go and gather straw for themselves .
" And had you really some at hand yourself ?
and how long will it be ere they believe me , for all the signs which I have shewed among them ?
So he crept , and crawled , and dragged himself over the ground to the garden of wild figs .
A POISON TREE I was angry with my friend : I told my wrath , my wrath did end .
15 : 17 I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God .
Gone to Mr .
31 : 24 She maketh fine linen , and selleth it ; and delivereth girdles unto the merchant .
Up the airy mountain , Down the rushy glen , We daren ' t go a - hunting For fear of little men .
12 : 9 And I that am the LORD thy God from the land of Egypt will yet make thee to dwell in tabernacles , as in the days of the solemn feast .
Elton at the same moment came congratulating me upon it !
Knightley , with most ready interposition -- " very true .
Dashwood , persuaded that such an excursion would be productive of much amusement to both her daughters , and perceiving through all her affectionate attention to herself , how much the heart of Marianne was in it , would not hear of their declining the offer upon HER account ; insisted on their both accepting it directly ; and then began to foresee , with her usual cheerfulness , a variety of advantages that would accrue to them all , from this separation . "
21 : 12 And they found among the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins , that had known no man by lying with any male : and they brought them unto the camp to Shiloh , which is in the land of Canaan .
16 : 41 But on the morrow all the congregation of the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron , saying , Ye have killed the people of the LORD .
would God that all the LORD ' s people were prophets , and that the LORD would put his spirit upon them !
8 : 9 Of the sons of Joab ; Obadiah the son of Jehiel , and with him two hundred and eighteen males .
12 : 15 And they said unto her , Thou art mad .
E ., you have not been to Donwell !-- You mean the Crown ; you come from the meeting at the Crown ."
38 : 25 Who hath divided a watercourse for the overflowing of waters , or a way for the lightning of thunder ; 38 : 26 To cause it to rain on the earth , where no man is ; on the wilderness , wherein there is no man ; 38 : 27 To satisfy the desolate and waste ground ; and to cause the bud of the tender herb to spring forth ?
Little Charles does not mind a word I say , and Walter is growing quite as bad ."
" No , I cannot think that .
why then doth Adonijah reign ?
17 : 43 And the Philistine said unto David , Am I a dog , that thou comest to me with staves ?
3 : 9 Hear this , I pray you , ye heads of the house of Jacob , and princes of the house of Israel , that abhor judgment , and pervert all equity .
10 : 18 Then the glory of the LORD departed from off the threshold of the house , and stood over the cherubims .
120 : 4 Sharp arrows of the mighty , with coals of juniper .
but what doth your arguing reprove ?
Jane will be only four miles from Maple Grove ."
The dinner was a grand one , the servants were numerous , and every thing bespoke the Mistress ' s inclination for show , and the Master ' s ability to support it .
18 : 2 And thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi , the tribe of thy father , bring thou with thee , that they may be joined unto thee , and minister unto thee : but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness .
26 : 40 And the sons of Bela were Ard and Naaman : of Ard , the family of the Ardites : and of Naaman , the family of the Naamites .
89 : 11 The heavens are thine , the earth also is thine : as for the world and the fulness thereof , thou hast founded them .
1 : 6 And ye became followers of us , and of the Lord , having received the word in much affliction , with joy of the Holy Ghost .
and I always thought you meant it ."
She walked eagerly on as she spoke ; and Elinor , to screen Marianne from particularity , as she felt almost certain of its not being Willoughby , quickened her pace and kept up with her .
" No !"
40 : 23 And he set the bread in order upon it before the LORD ; as the LORD had commanded Moses .
Jennings , and to HER she appeared nothing more than a little proud - looking woman of uncordial address , who met her husband ' s sisters without any affection , and almost without having anything to say to them ; for of the quarter of an hour bestowed on Berkeley Street , she sat at least seven minutes and a half in silence .
35 : 9 By reason of the multitude of oppressions they make the oppressed to cry : they cry out by reason of the arm of the mighty .
You may believe how glad we all were to see them ," added Mrs .
14 : 9 And the woman of Tekoah said unto the king , My lord , O king , the iniquity be on me , and on my father ' s house : and the king and his throne be guiltless .
18 : 42 Then did I beat them small as the dust before the wind : I did cast them out as the dirt in the streets .
Mrs .
6 : 21 And the children of Israel , which were come again out of captivity , and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land , to seek the LORD God of Israel , did eat , 6 : 22 And kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with joy : for the LORD had made them joyful , and turned the heart of the king of Assyria unto them , to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God , the God of Israel .
37 : 15 Wherefore the princes were wroth with Jeremiah , and smote him , and put him in prison in the house of Jonathan the scribe : for they had made that the prison .
Elton must now be left to himself .
36 : 20 And when they entered unto the heathen , whither they went , they profaned my holy name , when they said to them , These are the people of the LORD , and are gone forth out of his land .
24 : 45 Who then is a faithful and wise servant , whom his lord hath made ruler over his household , to give them meat in due season ?
14 : 9 But the Egyptians pursued after them , all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh , and his horsemen , and his army , and overtook them encamping by the sea , beside Pihahiroth , before Baalzephon .
28 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 28 : 2 Command the children of Israel , and say unto them , My offering , and my bread for my sacrifices made by fire , for a sweet savour unto me , shall ye observe to offer unto me in their due season .
14 : 18 All the kings of the nations , even all of them , lie in glory , every one in his own house .
There will be enough for every hope and every fear ; and though my attachment to none can equal that of a parent , it suits my ideas of comfort better than what is warmer and blinder .
And when they were alone together the king looked into Robert ' s eyes , as he had done before , and said , softly , " Who art thou ?"
Knightley began to suspect him of some inclination to trifle with Jane Fairfax .
13 : 32 And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel , saying , The land , through which we have gone to search it , is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof ; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature .
Knightley spoke loud .
Then , one day he got a feeling inside him that nothing but crabs could satisfy : he felt that he must have at least one crab .
John Dashwood put an end to the subject .
Elinor , with a very heavy heart , aware of the pain she was going to communicate , and perceiving , by Marianne ' s letter , how ill she had succeeded in laying any foundation for it , then sat down to write her mother an account of what had passed , and entreat her directions for the future ; while Marianne , who came into the drawing - room on Mrs .
10 : 20 Thou shalt fear the LORD thy God ; him shalt thou serve , and to him shalt thou cleave , and swear by his name .
12 : 16 And he entreated Abram well for her sake : and he had sheep , and oxen , and he asses , and menservants , and maidservants , and she asses , and camels .
7 : 22 Then Jesus answering said unto them , Go your way , and tell John what things ye have seen and heard ; how that the blind see , the lame walk , the lepers are cleansed , the deaf hear , the dead are raised , to the poor the gospel is preached .
Would you , in short , have renewed the engagement then ?"
3 : 12 And one wing of the other cherub was five cubits , reaching to the wall of the house : and the other wing was five cubits also , joining to the wing of the other cherub .
11 : 3 Give us day by day our daily bread .
Mr .
5 : 40 And to him they agreed : and when they had called the apostles , and beaten them , they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus , and let them go .
Now there came a time when he had eaten all the crabs to be found on his own side of the river .
They are all remarkably clever ; and they have so many pretty ways .
You do us a great deal of honour to - day , I am sure .
32 : 7 Remember the days of old , consider the years of many generations : ask thy father , and he will shew thee ; thy elders , and they will tell thee .
17 : 6 I have called upon thee , for thou wilt hear me , O God : incline thine ear unto me , and hear my speech .
13 : 17 Then I contended with the nobles of Judah , and said unto them , What evil thing is this that ye do , and profane the sabbath day ?
Emma had done .
And Marianne was in spirits ; happy in the mildness of the weather , and still happier in her expectation of a frost .
The minute the fox reached the bank he threw back his head , and gave a snap ! "
36 : 37 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will yet for this be enquired of by the house of Israel , to do it for them ; I will increase them with men like a flock .
continued Harriet --" these two last !-- But how shall I ever be able to return the paper , or say I have found it out ?-- Oh !
21 : 23 And Ornan said unto David , Take it to thee , and let my lord the king do that which is good in his eyes : lo , I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings , and the threshing instruments for wood , and the wheat for the meat offering ; I give it all .
One had rather , on such occasions , do too much than too little .
37 : 19 Where are now your prophets which prophesied unto you , saying , The king of Babylon shall not come against you , nor against this land ?
35 : 6 So kill the passover , and sanctify yourselves , and prepare your brethren , that they may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
Jesus saith unto him , Then are the children free .
31 : 4 Then said Saul unto his armourbearer , Draw thy sword , and thrust me through therewith ; lest these uncircumcised come and thrust me through , and abuse me .
2 : 16 For who hath known the mind of the Lord , that he may instruct him ?
30 : 7 And they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate , and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted .
6 : 11 What is my strength , that I should hope ?
" In defence of your protege you can even be saucy ."
Bought at Weymouth , you know -- Mr .
For half an hour Mr .
But at last there came a schame Intil his wicked head , And he tuk a great big bag And to his mither said ,-- " Now have the pot all bilin ' Agin the time I come ; We ' ll ate the small Rid Hin to - night , For shure I ' ll bring her home ."
I care not who knows that I am wretched .
27 : 39 And when it was day , they knew not the land : but they discovered a certain creek with a shore , into the which they were minded , if it were possible , to thrust in the ship .
am I not free ?
14 : 28 And the waters returned , and covered the chariots , and the horsemen , and all the host of Pharaoh that came into the sea after them ; there remained not so much as one of them .
And Jesus said unto them , Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of ; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized : 10 : 40 But to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not mine to give ; but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared .
But when there is plenty of money on one side , and next to none on the other , Lord bless you !
62 : 12 Also unto thee , O Lord , belongeth mercy : for thou renderest to every man according to his work .
3 : 10 And God saw their works , that they turned from their evil way ; and God repented of the evil , that he had said that he would do unto them ; and he did it not .
64 : 11 Our holy and our beautiful house , where our fathers praised thee , is burned up with fire : and all our pleasant things are laid waste .
or , Ah sister !
always my kindest friend on every occasion .
2 : 4 For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears ; not that ye should be grieved , but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you .
2 : 13 And the Jews ' passover was at hand , and Jesus went up to Jerusalem .
" What did you hear ?"
_Perfection_ should not have come quite so soon ."
There was nothing in any of the party which could recommend them as companions to the Dashwoods ; but the cold insipidity of Lady Middleton was so particularly repulsive , that in comparison of it the gravity of Colonel Brandon , and even the boisterous mirth of Sir John and his mother - in - law was interesting .
9 : 38 And , behold , a man of the company cried out , saying , Master , I beseech thee , look upon my son : for he is mine only child .
why will he be a cause of trespass to Israel ?
When do you write to Colonel Brandon , ma ' am ?"
25 : 11 For if I be an offender , or have committed any thing worthy of death , I refuse not to die : but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me , no man may deliver me unto them .
19 : 37 Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes , and all my judgments , and do them : I am the LORD .
34 : 2 And be ready in the morning , and come up in the morning unto mount Sinai , and present thyself there to me in the top of the mount .
20 : 36 And when he had thus spoken , he kneeled down , and prayed with them all .
4 : 18 And if the righteous scarcely be saved , where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear ?
33 : 22 Yea , his soul draweth near unto the grave , and his life to the destroyers .
20 : 12 The hearing ear , and the seeing eye , the LORD hath made even both of them .
22 : 1 Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign , and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem .
She doubted the sincerity of this assurance no more than he had doubted it himself , and she thought of it for her daughters ' sake with satisfaction , though as for herself she was persuaded that a much smaller provision than 7000L would support her in affluence .
" But perhaps the abuse of such people as yourself and Marianne will make amends for the regard of Lady Middleton and her mother .
12 : 10 And they cried unto the LORD , and said , We have sinned , because we have forsaken the LORD , and have served Baalim and Ashtaroth : but now deliver us out of the hand of our enemies , and we will serve thee .
because ye build the tombs of the prophets , and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous , 23 : 30 And say , If we had been in the days of our fathers , we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets .
20 : 21 Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me : they walked not in my statutes , neither kept my judgments to do them , which if a man do , he shall even live in them ; they polluted my sabbaths : then I said , I would pour out my fury upon them , to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness .
31 : 28 And hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters ?
16 : 5 And it shall come to pass , that on the sixth day they shall prepare that which they bring in ; and it shall be twice as much as they gather daily .
And they set themselves in array against the city .
Mrs Musgrove protests solemnly that she knew nothing of the matter .
1 : 47 But the Levites after the tribe of their fathers were not numbered among them .
9 : 34 But they held their peace : for by the way they had disputed among themselves , who should be the greatest .
10 : 18 By much slothfulness the building decayeth ; and through idleness of the hands the house droppeth through .
21 : 15 And God sent an angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it : and as he was destroying , the LORD beheld , and he repented him of the evil , and said to the angel that destroyed , It is enough , stay now thine hand .
15 : 2 When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them , they determined that Paul and Barnabas , and certain other of them , should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question .
the Lord GOD hath spoken , who can but prophesy ?
20 : 6 Most men will proclaim every one his own goodness : but a faithful man who can find ?
28 : 12 And when the woman saw Samuel , she cried with a loud voice : and the woman spake to Saul , saying , Why hast thou deceived me ?
9 : 20 Nay but , O man , who art thou that repliest against God ?
If ye will not believe , surely ye shall not be established .
She was not sorry .
1 : 15 For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord , and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink ; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost , even from his mother ' s womb .
2 : 8 And the sons of Ethan ; Azariah .
25 : 23 And Joash the king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah , the son of Joash , the son of Jehoahaz , at Bethshemesh , and brought him to Jerusalem , and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate , four hundred cubits .
the words that I speak unto you I speak not of myself : but the Father that dwelleth in me , he doeth the works .
16 : 35 And when it was day , the magistrates sent the serjeants , saying , Let those men go .
for the fear of thine heart wherewith thou shalt fear , and for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see .
14 : 30 Thus the LORD saved Israel that day out of the hand of the Egyptians ; and Israel saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea shore .
21 : 1 The king shall joy in thy strength , O LORD ; and in thy salvation how greatly shall he rejoice !
Jennings won ' t think it too much trouble to give us a call , should she come this way any morning , ' twould be a great kindness , and my cousins would be proud to know her .-- My paper reminds me to conclude ; and begging to be most gratefully and respectfully remembered to her , and to Sir John , and Lady Middleton , and the dear children , when you chance to see them , and love to Miss Marianne , " I am , & c ."
5 : 5 Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth , and been wanton ; ye have nourished your hearts , as in a day of slaughter .
Was not it Mrs Speed , as usual , or the maid ?
22 : 27 If thou hast nothing to pay , why should he take away thy bed from under thee ?
Because he believes many people pretend to more admiration of the beauties of nature than they really feel , and is disgusted with such pretensions , he affects greater indifference and less discrimination in viewing them himself than he possesses .
The name of Anne Elliot ," said he , " has long had an interesting sound to me .
Come , Miss Marianne , let us strike hands upon the bargain , and if Miss Dashwood will change her mind by and bye , why so much the better ."
31 : 12 Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion , and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD , for wheat , and for wine , and for oil , and for the young of the flock and of the herd : and their soul shall be as a watered garden ; and they shall not sorrow any more at all .
4 : 20 And Adah bare Jabal : he was the father of such as dwell in tents , and of such as have cattle .
46 : 10 Be still , and know that I am God : I will be exalted among the heathen , I will be exalted in the earth .
Now I am secure of you for ever ."
2 : 14 When he arose , he took the young child and his mother by night , and departed into Egypt : 2 : 15 And was there until the death of Herod : that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet , saying , Out of Egypt have I called my son .
They sent a messenger to Jove and begged him to send a king to rule over them .
17 : 8 If there arise a matter too hard for thee in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within thy gates : then shalt thou arise , and get thee up into the place which the LORD thy God shall choose ; 17 : 9 And thou shalt come unto the priests the Levites , and unto the judge that shall be in those days , and enquire ; and they shall shew thee the sentence of judgment : 17 : 10 And thou shalt do according to the sentence , which they of that place which the LORD shall choose shall shew thee ; and thou shalt observe to do according to all that they inform thee : 17 : 11 According to the sentence of the law which they shall teach thee , and according to the judgment which they shall tell thee , thou shalt do : thou shalt not decline from the sentence which they shall shew thee , to the right hand , nor to the left .
4 : 31 For he was wiser than all men ; than Ethan the Ezrahite , and Heman , and Chalcol , and Darda , the sons of Mahol : and his fame was in all nations round about .
Now I ain ' t gwine tell you any more ways to bring truck home .
19 : 26 Ye shall not eat any thing with the blood : neither shall ye use enchantment , nor observe times .
5 : 38 And now I say unto you , Refrain from these men , and let them alone : for if this counsel or this work be of men , it will come to nought : 5 : 39 But if it be of God , ye cannot overthrow it ; lest haply ye be found even to fight against God .
And he said , Neither hath the LORD chosen this .
18 : 8 And he answered him , I am : go , tell thy lord , Behold , Elijah is here .
29 : 23 And they brought forth the he goats for the sin offering before the king and the congregation ; and they laid their hands upon them : 29 : 24 And the priests killed them , and they made reconciliation with their blood upon the altar , to make an atonement for all Israel : for the king commanded that the burnt offering and the sin offering should be made for all Israel .
Mrs .
17 : 11 And the beast that was , and is not , even he is the eighth , and is of the seven , and goeth into perdition .
Elinor started at this declaration , and was sorry for the warmth she had been betrayed into , in speaking of him .
3 : 18 ( For many walk , of whom I have told you often , and now tell you even weeping , that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ : 3 : 19 Whose end is destruction , whose God is their belly , and whose glory is in their shame , who mind earthly things .)
30 : 7 And David said to Abiathar the priest , Ahimelech ' s son , I pray thee , bring me hither the ephod .
35 : 25 And all the women that were wise hearted did spin with their hands , and brought that which they had spun , both of blue , and of purple , and of scarlet , and of fine linen .
47 : 12 And Joseph nourished his father , and his brethren , and all his father ' s household , with bread , according to their families .
13 : 12 Now the brother shall betray the brother to death , and the father the son ; and children shall rise up against their parents , and shall cause them to be put to death .
I hope you will be pleased with my son ; but you must not expect a prodigy .
24 : 43 But know this , that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come , he would have watched , and would not have suffered his house to be broken up .
This is treating me like a friend .
1 : 27 Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns , nor Taanach and her towns , nor the inhabitants of Dor and her towns , nor the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns , nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns : but the Canaanites would dwell in that land .
Again they were both silent .
Are not you astonished ?
2 : 6 But this thou hast , that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes , which I also hate .
20 : 22 But if I say thus unto the young man , Behold , the arrows are beyond thee ; go thy way : for the LORD hath sent thee away .
And she is a good - natured woman after all .
After a time , they met the little Jackal , coming gaily down the road toward them . "
40 : 17 And it came to pass in the first month in the second year , on the first day of the month , that the tabernacle was reared up .
She was as happy as possible with the Martins in the summer .
3 : 9 As an adamant harder than flint have I made thy forehead : fear them not , neither be dismayed at their looks , though they be a rebellious house .
25 : 8 While he answered for himself , Neither against the law of the Jews , neither against the temple , nor yet against Caesar , have I offended any thing at all .
And Ezra the priest , with certain chief of the fathers , after the house of their fathers , and all of them by their names , were separated , and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter .
Woodhouse : " This will prove a spirited beginning of your winter engagements , sir .
20 : 15 Jesus saith unto her , Woman , why weepest thou ?
9 : 17 For he breaketh me with a tempest , and multiplieth my wounds without cause .
7 : 10 So they hanged Haman on the gallows that he had prepared for Mordecai .
Elinor was silent . "
4 : 11 Thy lips , O my spouse , drop as the honeycomb : honey and milk are under thy tongue ; and the smell of thy garments is like the smell of Lebanon .
36 : 38 And Saul died , and Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead .
and yet , she could not help rather anticipating something decisive .
50 : 26 Come against her from the utmost border , open her storehouses : cast her up as heaps , and destroy her utterly : let nothing of her be left .
Elton , who only wanted to be talking herself . "
25 : 6 So they took the king , and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah ; and they gave judgment upon him .
They met Mr .
" And I have not forgotten ," said Emma , " how sure you were that he might have come sooner if he would .
Some lavender drops , however , which she was at length persuaded to take , were of use ; and from that time till Mrs .
" Yes ," sighed Anne , " we shall , indeed , be known to be related to them !"
At last it was all settled , even to the destination of the parcel . "
16 : 4 And he went in unto Hagar , and she conceived : and when she saw that she had conceived , her mistress was despised in her eyes .
16 : 2 And Samuel said , How can I go ?
Perry !"
" Oh no , no !
12 : 36 While ye have light , believe in the light , that ye may be the children of light .
She longed to see the Crofts ; but when the meeting took place , it was evident that no rumour of the news had yet reached them .
1 : 15 Now as I beheld the living creatures , behold one wheel upon the earth by the living creatures , with his four faces .
Knightley !-- Mr .
She could only offer one solution ; it was , perhaps , for Elizabeth ' s sake .
14 : 17 And she wept before him the seven days , while their feast lasted : and it came to pass on the seventh day , that he told her , because she lay sore upon him : and she told the riddle to the children of her people .
There was nothing less for Lady Russell to do , than to admit that she had been pretty completely wrong , and to take up a new set of opinions and of hopes .
21 : 13 And David said unto Gad , I am in a great strait : let me fall now into the hand of the LORD ; for very great are his mercies : but let me not fall into the hand of man .
When his mother first looked at him her heart was nearly broken , for he was even more beautiful than most babies are ,-- so strong and fair and sweet .
I almost long to attempt her likeness myself .
103 : 7 He made known his ways unto Moses , his acts unto the children of Israel .
26 : 47 And while he yet spake , lo , Judas , one of the twelve , came , and with him a great multitude with swords and staves , from the chief priests and elders of the people .
and what have I offended thee , that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin ?
He seems an excellent man ; and I think him uncommonly pleasing ."
11 : 15 And they come to Jerusalem : and Jesus went into the temple , and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple , and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers , and the seats of them that sold doves ; 11 : 16 And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple .
Now the king had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me .
13 : 2 As they ministered to the Lord , and fasted , the Holy Ghost said , Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them .
Weston ventured this apology for Jane . "
12 : 4 Ye have not yet resisted unto blood , striving against sin .
Mrs .
The contempt which she had , very early in their acquaintance , felt for her daughter - in - law , was very much increased by the farther knowledge of her character , which half a year ' s residence in her family afforded ; and perhaps in spite of every consideration of politeness or maternal affection on the side of the former , the two ladies might have found it impossible to have lived together so long , had not a particular circumstance occurred to give still greater eligibility , according to the opinions of Mrs .
21 : 3 And their father gave them great gifts of silver , and of gold , and of precious things , with fenced cities in Judah : but the kingdom gave he to Jehoram ; because he was the firstborn .
8 : 18 And the word of the LORD of hosts came unto me , saying , 8 : 19 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; The fast of the fourth month , and the fast of the fifth , and the fast of the seventh , and the fast of the tenth , shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness , and cheerful feasts ; therefore love the truth and peace .
Palmer --" then it must be some other place that is so pretty I suppose ."
15 : 10 And again he saith , Rejoice , ye Gentiles , with his people .
" Yes : but a young lady -- a bride -- I ought to have paid my respects to her if possible .
7 : 34 The children of the other Elam , a thousand two hundred fifty and four .
Half a dozen natural children , perhaps -- and poor Frank cut off !-- This , though very undesirable , would be no matter of agony to her .
The whole of Lucy ' s behaviour in the affair , and the prosperity which crowned it , therefore , may be held forth as a most encouraging instance of what an earnest , an unceasing attention to self - interest , however its progress may be apparently obstructed , will do in securing every advantage of fortune , with no other sacrifice than that of time and conscience .
15 : 37 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 15 : 38 Speak unto the children of Israel , and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations , and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of blue : 15 : 39 And it shall be unto you for a fringe , that ye may look upon it , and remember all the commandments of the LORD , and do them ; and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes , after which ye use to go a whoring : 15 : 40 That ye may remember , and do all my commandments , and be holy unto your God .
42 : 16 After this lived Job an hundred and forty years , and saw his sons , and his sons ' sons , even four generations .
There was intimacy between them , and Mr .
To the Middletons , to the Palmers , the Steeles , to every common acquaintance even , I had been insolent and unjust ; with a heart hardened against their merits , and a temper irritated by their very attention .-- To John , to Fanny ,-- yes , even to them , little as they deserve , I had given less than their due .
" My dear papa , I sent the whole hind - quarter .
10 : 5 Therefore the five kings of the Amorites , the king of Jerusalem , the king of Hebron , the king of Jarmuth , the king of Lachish , the king of Eglon , gathered themselves together , and went up , they and all their hosts , and encamped before Gibeon , and made war against it .
What were nine miles to a young man ?-- An hour ' s ride .
The little Jackal did not wait for a second look .
15 : 23 But every man in his own order : Christ the firstfruits ; afterward they that are Christ ' s at his coming .
I walk : I prefer walking ."
1 : 30 For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth , and as a garden that hath no water .
The merest awkward country girl , without style , or elegance , and almost without beauty .-- I remember her perfectly .
Such kind friends , you know , Miss Woodhouse , one must always find agreeable , though every body seemed rather fagged after the morning ' s party .
25 : 1 If there be a controversy between men , and they come unto judgment , that the judges may judge them ; then they shall justify the righteous , and condemn the wicked .
How is Miss Fairfax ?-- I hope she caught no cold last night .
and Mrs .
And he said , These are to find grace in the sight of my lord .
Weston .-- " Very well , I thank you , ma ' am .
2 : 18 For the same cause also do ye joy , and rejoice with me .
She distrusted the past , if not the present .
23 : 19 Behold , a whirlwind of the LORD is gone forth in fury , even a grievous whirlwind : it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked .
28 : 27 For the fitches are not threshed with a threshing instrument , neither is a cart wheel turned about upon the cummin ; but the fitches are beaten out with a staff , and the cummin with a rod .
" Yes , he has been gone just four weeks , as you observe , Miss Woodhouse ," said Miss Bates , " four weeks yesterday .-- A Miss Hawkins !-- Well , I had always rather fancied it would be some young lady hereabouts ; not that I ever -- Mrs .
9 : 18 And the sons of Noah , that went forth of the ark , were Shem , and Ham , and Japheth : and Ham is the father of Canaan .
24 : 16 And when the angel stretched out his hand upon Jerusalem to destroy it , the LORD repented him of the evil , and said to the angel that destroyed the people , It is enough : stay now thine hand .
16 : 18 And when they did mete it with an omer , he that gathered much had nothing over , and he that gathered little had no lack ; they gathered every man according to his eating .
Born to the prospect of such affluence !
Brandon ," said Marianne , eagerly , " will it not be sufficient ?"
I compare it with what it ought to have been ; I compare it with yours ."
3 : 12 And he said , Certainly I will be with thee ; and this shall be a token unto thee , that I have sent thee : When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt , ye shall serve God upon this mountain .
I can make him the richest , the most beautiful , or the most powerful prince in the world ; choose ."
It was painful to him even to keep a third cousin to himself . "
25 : 11 Now the rest of the people that were left in the city , and the fugitives that fell away to the king of Babylon , with the remnant of the multitude , did Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carry away .
Mrs Smith gave her a penetrating glance , and then , smiling , said -- " I have been a little premature , I perceive ; I beg your pardon .
14 : 15 What is it then ?
He did such fine work that the Elector , Prince Johann Wilhelm , ordered a portrait statue of himself , on horseback , to be done in bronze .
wilt thou not tell me ?
26 : 29 And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons , and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat .
76 : 2 In Salem also is his tabernacle , and his dwelling place in Zion .
And Moses hid his face ; for he was afraid to look upon God .
6 : 19 And he smote the men of Bethshemesh , because they had looked into the ark of the LORD , even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men : and the people lamented , because the LORD had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter .
2 : 5 And the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha , and said unto him , Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day ?
Woodhouse ' s agitation .
And Jehu said , If it be your minds , then let none go forth nor escape out of the city to go to tell it in Jezreel .
6 : 12 And they stirred up the people , and the elders , and the scribes , and came upon him , and caught him , and brought him to the council , 6 : 13 And set up false witnesses , which said , This man ceaseth not to speak blasphemous words against this holy place , and the law : 6 : 14 For we have heard him say , that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place , and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us .
9 : 18 So there went one on horseback to meet him , and said , Thus saith the king , Is it peace ?
44 : 13 Thou makest us a reproach to our neighbours , a scorn and a derision to them that are round about us .
" What do you mean ?"
36 : 35 And he made a vail of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen : with cherubims made he it of cunning work .
10 : 21 The remnant shall return , even the remnant of Jacob , unto the mighty God .
" Butter !"
1 : 9 The meat offering and the drink offering is cut off from the house of the LORD ; the priests , the LORD ' s ministers , mourn .
13 : 3 He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life : but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction .
1 : 26 And when the unclean spirit had torn him , and cried with a loud voice , he came out of him .
16 : 4 Then said the king to Ziba , Behold , thine are all that pertained unto Mephibosheth .
31 : 16 Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath , to observe the sabbath throughout their generations , for a perpetual covenant .
20 : 10 And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock , and he said unto them , Hear now , ye rebels ; must we fetch you water out of this rock ?
Ferrars ' s general behaviour to her sister , seemed , to her , to foretell such difficulties and distresses to Elinor , as her own wounded heart taught her to think of with horror ; and urged by a strong impulse of affectionate sensibility , she moved after a moment , to her sister ' s chair , and putting one arm round her neck , and one cheek close to hers , said in a low , but eager , voice , " Dear , dear Elinor , don ' t mind them .
9 : 26 Wherefore they called these days Purim after the name of Pur .
I must endeavour to subdue my mind to my fortune .
" I am not at all surprized at you , Harriet .
8 : 9 For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that ye through his poverty might be rich .
32 : 31 And as he passed over Penuel the sun rose upon him , and he halted upon his thigh .
6 : 14 And the elders of the Jews builded , and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo .
" No ," replied Anne , in a low , feeling voice . "
She could think only of the invitation she had with such astonishment witnessed , and of the manner in which it had been received ; a manner of doubtful meaning , of surprise rather than gratification , of polite acknowledgement rather than acceptance .
3 : 34 Surely he scorneth the scorners : but he giveth grace unto the lowly .
They are a very respectable family , Mr .
" Oh !
And they fell upon their faces .
24 : 23 Now therefore put away , said he , the strange gods which are among you , and incline your heart unto the LORD God of Israel .
You never wrote a truer line ."
THE FROG KING Did you ever hear the old story about the foolish Frogs ?
59 : 9 Because of his strength will I wait upon thee : for God is my defence .
1 : 3 Blessed be God , even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , the Father of mercies , and the God of all comfort ; 1 : 4 Who comforteth us in all our tribulation , that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble , by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God .
ought he not to have told me of it , to have given me the power of clearing myself ? '
20 : 14 Thou shalt not commit adultery .
The conviction seemed real ; he looked as if he felt it .
From the expense of the child , however , he was soon relieved .
Oh !
And when they enquired and asked , they said , Gideon the son of Joash hath done this thing .
Let me recommend Bath to you .
8 : 28 And they answered , John the Baptist ; but some say , Elias ; and others , One of the prophets .
21 : 8 If she please not her master , who hath betrothed her to himself , then shall he let her be redeemed : to sell her unto a strange nation he shall have no power , seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her .
For our sakes , no doubt , this is written : that he that ploweth should plow in hope ; and that he that thresheth in hope should be partaker of his hope .
12 : 27 And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places , to bring them to Jerusalem , to keep the dedication with gladness , both with thanksgivings , and with singing , with cymbals , psalteries , and with harps .
1 : 11 Beloved , follow not that which is evil , but that which is good .
9 : 25 And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things .
55 : 12 For it was not an enemy that reproached me ; then I could have borne it : neither was it he that hated me that did magnify himself against me ; then I would have hid myself from him : 55 : 13 But it was thou , a man mine equal , my guide , and mine acquaintance .
4 : 18 And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is before the LORD , that is in the tabernacle of the congregation , and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering , which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
She had brought evil on Harriet , on herself , and she too much feared , on Mr .
Dixon ' s choice .
51 : 18 Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion : build thou the walls of Jerusalem .
Few people of common prudence will do THAT ; and whatever she saves , she will be able to dispose of ."
4 : 21 So we laboured in the work : and half of them held the spears from the rising of the morning till the stars appeared .
or who laid the corner stone thereof ; 38 : 7 When the morning stars sang together , and all the sons of God shouted for joy ?
Can a mother sit and hear An infant groan , an infant fear ?
Absence might have weakened his regard , and convenience might have determined him to overcome it , but that such a regard had formerly existed she could not bring herself to doubt .
26 : 12 He divideth the sea with his power , and by his understanding he smiteth through the proud .
21 : 45 And when the chief priests and Pharisees had heard his parables , they perceived that he spake of them .
Had he said any thing to bear a different construction , I should not have believed him ."
49 : 24 Damascus is waxed feeble , and turneth herself to flee , and fear hath seized on her : anguish and sorrows have taken her , as a woman in travail .
15 : 16 And also concerning Maachah the mother of Asa the king , he removed her from being queen , because she had made an idol in a grove : and Asa cut down her idol , and stamped it , and burnt it at the brook Kidron .
10 : 14 Every man is brutish in his knowledge : every founder is confounded by the graven image : for his molten image is falsehood , and there is no breath in them .
20 : 13 Thou shalt not kill .
Weston ' s arguments against herself . "
And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to offer them on the altar of the LORD .
12 : 28 Observe and hear all these words which I command thee , that it may go well with thee , and with thy children after thee for ever , when thou doest that which is good and right in the sight of the LORD thy God .
12 : 24 For there shall be no more any vain vision nor flattering divination within the house of Israel .
36 : 34 And the desolate land shall be tilled , whereas it lay desolate in the sight of all that passed by .
Rose at Exeter , a prodigious smart young man , quite a beau , clerk to Mr .
Their gentleness , their genuine attention to other people , and their manly unstudied simplicity is much more accordant with her real disposition , than the liveliness -- often artificial , and often ill - timed of the other .
I am a little acquainted with Captain Benwick ."
Be it known then , that Sir Walter , like a good father , ( having met with one or two private disappointments in very unreasonable applications ), prided himself on remaining single for his dear daughters ' sake .
And Shimei dwelt in Jerusalem many days .
11 : 21 Who smote Abimelech the son of Jerubbesheth ?
It is too ridiculous !
12 : 3 And there appeared another wonder in heaven ; and behold a great red dragon , having seven heads and ten horns , and seven crowns upon his heads .
When he got home his Mammy looked at the thing on the end of the string , and she said ,-- " My laws a - massy !
He ran and ran until he came to a field full of mowers .
" You and I , Sir John ," said Mrs .
You must think one five hundred million times more above me than the other .
4 : 18 The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me .
11 : 26 He that withholdeth corn , the people shall curse him : but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it .
11 : 5 And he said unto them , Which of you shall have a friend , and shall go unto him at midnight , and say unto him , Friend , lend me three loaves ; 11 : 6 For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me , and I have nothing to set before him ?
18 : 7 Then the five men departed , and came to Laish , and saw the people that were therein , how they dwelt careless , after the manner of the Zidonians , quiet and secure ; and there was no magistrate in the land , that might put them to shame in any thing ; and they were far from the Zidonians , and had no business with any man .
25 : 14 And if thou sell ought unto thy neighbour , or buyest ought of thy neighbour ' s hand , ye shall not oppress one another : 25 : 15 According to the number of years after the jubile thou shalt buy of thy neighbour , and according unto the number of years of the fruits he shall sell unto thee : 25 : 16 According to the multitude of years thou shalt increase the price thereof , and according to the fewness of years thou shalt diminish the price of it : for according to the number of the years of the fruits doth he sell unto thee .
20 : 41 And as soon as the lad was gone , David arose out of a pl